Who is the maternal grandfather of Antiochus X Eusebes?
Where was the director of film Thomas Jefferson (Film) born?
Where was the place of death of Anastasia Of Serbia's husband?
Where was the husband of Caterina Visconti born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Mole Men Against The Son Of Hercules?
What is the award that the performer of song Sunday Papers earned?
Where was the director of film Lettre Ouverte born?
What is the place of birth of Remigius Of Rouen's father?
What nationality is the director of film They Call It Love?
What is the place of birth of Zhanna Nemtsova's father?
Which country the composer of film Continental, A Film Without Guns is from?
Where was the father of Eleonora Di Garzia Di Toledo born?
Where did the director of film Old Man Drinking A Glass Of Beer die?
What is the place of birth of Samir Rifai's father?
Where was the composer of film Love Story 1999 born?
What is the place of birth of Empress Xu (Ming Dynasty)'s husband?
Where was the place of death of Suzanne Farrington's mother?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song How Long Has This Been Going On??
Which film has the director died earlier, Youngblood Hawke (Film) or Crook'S Tour?
Who is Charles Willoughby, 10Th Baron Willoughby Of Parham's paternal grandmother?
Where did the presenter of Tim Russert (Talk Show) die?
Where was the place of death of the creator of Conan The Adventurer (1992 Tv Series)?
Where was the place of burial of the performer of song This Time (Waylon Jennings Song)?
Where did Muza Niyazova's husband die?
Do John Amyas Alexander and Albert Seward share the same nationality?
Where did Meritaten's father die?
Where was the director of film Bollywood Calling born?
Where was the place of death of James Adam (Architect)'s father?
Where was the performer of song Lucky Me, Lucky You born?
What is the place of birth of the creator of Miss Seventeen?
Where was the director of film Gently My Songs Entreat born?
What nationality is Florent Of Hainaut's mother?
Where was the director of film Los Motivos De Luz born?
Where was the husband of Esperanza Osmeña born?
Which album was released more recently, The Arockalypse or Because The Internet?
Where did the director of film Music In Darkness die?
What nationality is the director of film Rise Above: The Tribe 8 Documentary?
Do both films Fig Leaves and Boogeyman (Film) have the directors that share the same nationality?
Where was the place of burial of Gjon Kastrioti Ii's father?
Where was the director of film The 3 Rooms Of Melancholia born?
Where did the director of film Barracuda (1978 Film) study?
Where was the place of burial of Neith (Wife Of Pepi Ii)'s husband?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Quatre-Vingt-Treize (Film)?
Where did Sultan Walad's father die?
Do director of film Just Married (1934 Film) and director of film The Thirteenth Commandment share the same nationality?
What is the place of birth of the performer of song If You Want To Be My Woman?
Where was the husband of Princess Alexandra Of Anhalt born?
Where was the father of Maurice De Saxe born?
What nationality is the director of film Top Floor Girl?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Martial Law (1991 Film)?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Samarpane?
Where was the father of Princess Amelia Of Great Britain born?
Where did Rudra Mohammad Shahidullah's wife study at?
Where did Judith Of Swabia's mother die?
Which award the performer of song Beating Heart (Ellie Goulding Song) got?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Venus Makes Trouble?
Where was the director of film I'Ll Follow You Down born?
Which film has more directors, A Night Of Horror or The Whispering Shadow?
Where did Elisabeth Of Hesse, Electress Palatine's mother die?
What is the place of birth of the performer of song Thru Your Phone?
Where did Ulysses S. Grant Jr.'s father graduate from?
Are the directors of films Back To Back (1996 Film) and The White Hen both from the same country?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Chronicles Of A Dive Bomber?
What is the place of birth of Danielle Lineker's husband?
Do both films: America Ammayi and Professor Pyarelal have the directors from the same country?
Which film has the director died earlier, The Romantic Age or Anything Once?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song The Village Of St. Bernadette (Song)?
Where did Elizabeth Tudor (1492–1495)'s mother die?
Where did the director of film The Cloister Of Martins die?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Muchachos De La Ciudad?
Who is the spouse of the director of film Marie-Jo And Her Two Lovers?
Where was the composer of film Post Master born?
Where was the director of film Outlaw: The Saga Of Gisli born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The New Kids?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Crazy Alien?
What is the place of birth of Bea Ballard's father?
Where was the place of burial of Lucy Beall Candler Owens Heinz Leide's father?
Where was the performer of song Rewind (Find A Way) born?
Who is Alberic Ii Of Spoleto's maternal grandmother?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Judith Therpauve?
Who is the father of Auguste-Théodore-Paul De Broglie?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Foma Gordeyev (Film)?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song Bidin' My Time?
Who is Shepseskare's paternal grandmother?
Why did Charis Wilson's husband die?
Where did Louisa Garrett Anderson's mother die?
Which film has the director born first, Král Ulice or Brother Liu And Brother Wang On The Roads In Taiwan?
Who is the stepchild of Æthelred Of Mercia?
Where did the director of film No Sin On The Alpine Pastures (1950 Film) die?
Who is the father-in-law of Caroline Amalie Of Augustenburg?
Where did the composer of song Let'S Call The Whole Thing Off die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Crystal Nights?
Where was the place of death of the founder of Western Auto?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song Love Is Here To Stay?
Which film has the director who died later, Akhono Onek Raat or Bitter Rice?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Hitch Hike Lady?
Where was the place of burial of John Stafford, 1St Earl Of Wiltshire's father?
Where did Ulrich Ii, Count Of East Frisia's father die?
Who is the paternal grandfather of Naja Rosa?
Who is the child of Graziano Rossi?
Which country the founder of magazine Prabasi is from?
Where did the director of film Playing It Wild die?
Do director of film Born American and director of film The White Raven (1998 Film) share the same nationality?
Where did the director of film Cry Wolf (1947 Film) die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Charley'S Aunt (1925 Film)?
What is the place of birth of the performer of song Afterglow (Tina Turner Song)?
What is the place of birth of John E. Irving's father?
Where was the father of Marianus V Of Arborea born?
Where was the place of death of John Manners Tollemache's mother?
Where was the place of death of the director of film A Mother'S Heart?
Where was the place of death of Ethel Page's husband?
Where was the place of burial of Parysatis Ii's husband?
Where was the husband of Evfrosinia Staritskaia born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film A Piece Of Sky (1980 Film)?
Who is Priyadarshini Raje Scindia's father-in-law?
Are both directors of films Escape From East Berlin and A Place In The Sun (Film) from the same country?
What is the place of birth of Claudia Augusta's mother?
Where was the father of Dinanath Puthenchery born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Mera Lahoo?
Where did the editor of magazine Massachusetts Magazine die?
Where did the director of film Kaiserjäger (Film) die?
Where was the place of burial of the performer of song Honky-Tonk Man?
Which country the performer of song Right To Dream is from?
Which country Saqr Bin Zayed Al Nahyan's father is from?
Which country Ekaterina Gubareva's husband is from?
Which film has the director who was born earlier, I Love You, Daddy or Chanakya Chandragupta?
Where was the father of Emily Eavis born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Moving Midway?
Are the movies Open Water 2: Adrift and Step Across The Border, from the same country?
Where was the place of death of Joseph Ferdinand Of Bavaria's father?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Making Of Fanny And Alexander?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Girl With The Hungry Eyes (1967 Film)?
Where was the place of death of Edsel Ford's father?
What nationality is the director of film These Charming People?
Where was the place of burial of Djedefhor's father?
Where did María Kodama's husband die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film A Paris Education?
Where was the place of death of Michael Grieve's father?
Who is Augusta Fitzalan-Howard, Duchess Of Norfolk's paternal grandfather?
Where was the director of film Dad (1989 Film) born?
Who is the spouse of the director of film Another Year (Film)?
What is the place of birth of Mirza Dara Bakht's father?
Where was the place of death of Yazid Iii's father?
Where was the place of death of Peggy Schuyler's father?
Which film whose producer was born first, Berlin: Symphony Of A Metropolis or The Outer Space Connection?
Which film whose director was born first, El Tonto or The Heart Of Doreon?
Where did Marguerite Norris's father die?
Where did Dürrüaden Kadın's husband die?
Which film has the director died later, Libertad Bajo Palabra or Taking A Chance?
Where was the performer of song In Heaven born?
Where did Sibylla Of Armenia's mother die?
Where was the father of John Ii Of Jerusalem born?
Where was the place of death of Françoise Marie De Bourbon's father?
Who is Sancho De La Cerda, 1St Marquis Of La Laguna's paternal grandfather?
Where was the performer of song Feelin' Myself (Nipsey Hussle Song) born?
Where does Valerie Pitts's husband work at?
Where did Setepenre (Princess)'s mother die?
Where was the place of death of Nathan Phelps's father?
Where was the place of burial of Donika Kastrioti's husband?
Where did Minbyauk Thihapate's wife die?
What is the place of birth of Katarina Martinson's father?
Where was the place of death of William The Younger, Duke Of Brunswick-Lüneburg's father?
Which country Josie Fitial's husband is from?
Where did the director of film Permissive (Film) die?
Where was the father of Barghash Bin Said Of Zanzibar born?
Who is Titus Junius Brutus's paternal grandfather?
What is the place of birth of the composer of film Amarajeevi (1965 Film)?
What is the place of birth of K. T. Rama Rao's father?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song Break It To Me Gently (Aretha Franklin Song)?
What nationality is the director of film Harvest: 3,000 Years?
Where was the father of Sarah Burns (Writer Filmmaker) born?
What is the place of birth of Philip Ii Of Piedmont's father?
Where was the director of film Axiliad born?
What is the place of birth of John Penn ("The American")'s father?
Where did Hugh I, Duke Of Burgundy's father die?
Where was the place of death of the director of film A Lesson In Love?
Who is the uncle of John Kennedy, 2Nd Lord Kennedy?
Where was the wife of Bernabé Martí born?
Which film whose director is younger, The Shadow Of Nazareth or Berlin-Jerusalem?
What is the place of birth of Marie De Valois's father?
Where was the place of death of Devdas Chhotray's father?
Where was the place of death of Slobodan Čašule's father?
Who is the paternal grandmother of Sophie, Countess Of Bar?
Who is the mother of the director of film Zoolander 2?
Who is the maternal grandfather of Adelaide Of Aquitaine?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Mod (Film)?
Where did Eugene S. Pulliam's father die?
Which film has the director born first, Free Hand For A Tough Cop or Man'S Favorite Sport??
Where was the place of death of Bess Taffel's husband?
Are the movies High Roller: The Stu Ungar Story and Mr. Peek-A-Boo, from the same country?
Where did the director of film Service For Ladies die?
Are A Countess From Hong Kong and Blind Hearts both from the same country?
Do the movies Little Bitches and Moving Out (Film), originate from the same country?
Who is Dorelia Mcneill's father-in-law?
Where was the mother of Shubhendra Shankar born?
Which country the director of film My Blueberry Nights is from?
Where was the place of death of Topa Inca Yupanqui's father?
Where did Elżbieta Szydłowiecka's father die?
Which film whose director is younger, The Four Musketeers (1963 Film) or Puerta De Hierro, El Exilio De Perón?
Where was the place of death of Richard Randolph's father?
Where was the place of burial of Julia Drusilla's mother?
What is the place of birth of Francesca Ridgway's husband?
Who is the child of the director of film The Savage Is Loose?
Where was the place of death of Rudolf Christian, Count Of East Frisia's father?
When is Victor Levasseur (Cartographer)'s father's birthday?
Are the directors of both films Captain Calamity (Film) and Heaven Only Knows (Film) from the same country?
What is the place of birth of S. G. Kittappa's wife?
Which film has the director born earlier, The Under Dog (Film) or Dr. Kildare'S Crisis?
Where was the husband of Virginia Foster Durr born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Angel'S Rage?
Where did the director of film Ukrainian Rhapsody die?
What is the award that the performer of song Stranger Than Fiction (Joe Jackson Song) got?
Which film has the director died first, Uthiripookkal or The Fox Of Glenarvon?
Where was the director of film The Road To Paradise (1956 Film) born?
Does Francine Van Hove have the same nationality as André Blanc?
What is the place of birth of Charlotte Townshend, Viscountess Townshend's husband?
Where did Mary Bethune Abbott's husband die?
Are Jeff Gravenhorst and Ashlan Gorse Cousteau of the same nationality?
Do Dan Pfaff and Harris Ellsworth share the same nationality?
Where did Judy Licht's husband graduate from?
Where was the place of death of Maya Rockeymoore Cummings's husband?
Where did the performer of song I Can Sing A Rainbow die?
Do both directors of films Christine Of The Hungry Heart and Vagabond (1985 Film) have the same nationality?
Where did Saw Thanda's husband die?
Where did the director of film Camille (1915 Film) die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Small Town Boy?
What is the place of birth of the director of film True North Trilogy?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The One And Only Ivan (Film)?
Where was the director of film The Blue Moth born?
Where was the place of death of Flavia Domitilla (Saint)'s husband?
Where was the place of burial of the director of film The Alamo (1960 Film)?
Where was the place of death of Christiane Eberhardine Of Brandenburg-Bayreuth's husband?
Where was the place of death of William F. De Saussure's father?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Dewan Bahadur (Film)?
Where was the director of film Digna... Hasta El Último Aliento born?
What is the place of birth of Albert, Margrave Of Baden-Hachberg's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Sinner (1951 Film)?
Which film has the director who was born first, Dead Man'S Evidence or Creature Of The Walking Dead?
What is the place of birth of Iva Mihanovic's husband?
Where did the composer of song Liza (All The Clouds'Ll Roll Away) die?
Where was the founder of university Vermont Studio Center born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Tutyu And Totyo?
Which film was released more recently, 3 Nafas Likas or The Bravest Way?
Where did the director of film The Phantom Carriage (1958 Film) die?
Are both movies, Inauguration Of The Pleasure Dome and Texans Never Cry, from the same country?
Which film has the director died earlier, Mrugaalaya or They Came To Blow Up America?
Where was the director of film The Endless Road born?
Where was the place of death of Maria Piątkowska's husband?
Where did Halime Hatun's husband die?
What is the place of birth of Carrie Watson Fleming's husband?
Which film has the director died first, The Company'S In Love or Punyakoti?
Where did Sarah Scullin's husband graduate from?
Where did Conrad Ii, Duke Of Bavaria's mother die?
Which country the composer of film Paparazzi: Eye In The Dark is from?
Where was the father of Philip I Of Piedmont born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film House Of Mystery (1961 Film)?
What is the place of birth of Geoffrey Plantagenet, Count Of Anjou's wife?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Dans La Nuit (Film)?
Where did Pilar Del Río's husband die?
Are both movies, Crossing The Line 2: The New Face Of Anti-Semitism On Campus and Buffalo Soldiers (2001 Film), from the same country?
Where did the director of film The Young Diana die?
Where was the director of film The Island Of Tears born?
Were both Pietro Salini and Domenico Ravenna, born in the same place?
Where did the founder of Ford Australia die?
What is the place of birth of Kai Linnilä's wife?
Who is Madansinhji's paternal grandfather?
What nationality is the director of film Violet Tendencies?
Where was the place of burial of Al-Mu'Tasim's father?
Where was the place of death of Prince Charles Of Hesse And By Rhine's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Kolpaçino: Bomba?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Marry Me, Cherie?
Who is the paternal grandfather of Araripe Júnior?
Where did Julia Agricola's husband die?
Which film has the director who was born later, Wake Of The Red Witch or First-Year Student?
Where did the director of film This Can'T Happen Here die?
Do both films Cool Blue and Legend Of The Ancient Sword have the directors that share the same nationality?
Which film was released first, Bal Ganesh 2 or Dust & Illusions?
Do John Richard Jones and Ashanti Johnson share the same nationality?
Where was the place of death of Dmitri Sheremetev's father?
Are the movies The Urethra Chronicles and Starter For 10 (Film), from the same country?
Where was the director of film Siddharth (2013 Film) born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Chinnari Mutha?
Where was the director of film Kaiserjäger (Film) born?
Where was the founder of Douro Wine Company born?
Where was the composer of film Tholi Prema born?
Are Can She Bake A Cherry Pie? and Santiago Files both from the same country?
Which film was released first, Venmegam or Red Lines?
Which film has the director who is older than the other, The Terror Within Ii or Evil Bong?
When did George Vane-Tempest, 5Th Marquess Of Londonderry's father die?
Which one was established first, Compagnie Générale Transaérienne or Hakuhodo Dy Music & Pictures?
Which country William Of Savoy's mother is from?
Who is Mallika Sarabhai's paternal grandfather?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Ręce Do Góry?
Which film has the director who is older, Pulse Pounders or Dos Basuras?
Where did Prince Aloys Of Liechtenstein's father die?
Which country the director of film Renegade Force is from?
Where was the father of Bonne Of Bourbon born?
Where was the place of death of Brigham Smoot's father?
Where did Meritaten Tasherit's father die?
Who is Fedlim Geancach Ó Conchobair's paternal grandfather?
Who is Archduchess Isabella Clara Of Austria's father-in-law?
Where did Fabia Eudokia's husband die?
Who is William Ii, Duke Of Jülich's father?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song Hail, Hail, The Gang'S All Here?
Where does the director of film The Skin Game (1921 Film) work at?
Do both directors of films Old School New School and Midnight (1922 Film) share the same nationality?
Where did Baha Al-Dawla's father die?
Where was the place of death of Maurice De Saxe's father?
Which film whose producer was born first, All-American Co-Ed or Lagu Kenangan?
Which film has the director who is older, Koeputkiaikuinen Ja Simon Enkelit or Indiana Jones And The Temple Of Doom?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Follow Your Heart (1936 Film)?
What is the place of birth of Prince Kaneyoshi's father?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Down In The Delta?
Where did Ann Gerry's husband die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Julius Caesar (1970 Film)?
Where was the place of burial of Şehzade Mehmed Ziyaeddin's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Les Assassins Du Dimanche?
Are Daniel Beltrá and Omar Cook of the same nationality?
Were Derek Raivio and Joachim De Posada from the same country?
What is the place of birth of the director of film 11 Minutes (Film)?
Where did the composer of film Pepo (Film) die?
Where was the father of Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle born?
Where did the performer of song How Can I Tell Her It'S Over die?
Do both films, Nutcase (Film) and Mother Fish, have the directors who are from the same country?
Where was the husband of Sammi Davis born?
Where was the father of John Merivale born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Hira Aur Patthar?
What nationality of the company that published Tufts Magazine?
Do both Beauty And The Bad Man and Wild Child (Film) films have the directors from the same country?
Which film has the director who died earlier, Pirates Of Monterey or Forbidden Waters?
Where did Mah Chuchak Begum's husband die?
Where was the director of film Kanneshwara Rama born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Captain Mikula, The Kid?
Where was the father of Jelena Lieven born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The False Step?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Briggs Family?
What is the place of birth of Gilbert De Clare, 5Th Earl Of Gloucester's father?
What nationality is Piero The Unfortunate's father?
Where was the director of film Guns And Roses (2012 Film) born?
Where was the director of film Tum, My Pledge Of Love born?
Where was the director of film Taras Bulba (1924 Film) born?
Where did the director of film Mani Madhava Chakyar: The Master At Work die?
What is the place of birth of Azarmidokht's father?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Nel Blu Dipinto Di Blu (Film)?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Joan Of Arc At The Stake?
What is the place of birth of Oliver Penrose's father?
What nationality is the director of film 3000 Nights?
Are Mississippi Mermaid and The Quarry (Film) both from the same country?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Fortunella (Film)?
What nationality is Raymond Berengar Of Andria's father?
Which film whose producer is younger, Reach The Rock or Butterfly On A Wheel?
Where was the father of Princess Caroline Of Great Britain born?
Where was the director of film Everybody'S Woman born?
What nationality is the director of film El Día Que Me Quieras (1935 Film)?
Where was the place of death of Dina Wadia's father?
Does Frederick Samuel Fish have the same nationality as Beatrix Tugendhut Gardner?
Where did the director of film Yamata die?
Where was the director of film The Girl From Fano born?
Who is the child of Mutnofret?
Where was the father of Horatio Powys born?
Do Tasos Georgiou Vatikiotis and Deb Caletti have the same nationality?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Makkaliralavva Mane Thumba?
Where was the place of death of Henry Percy, 3Rd Baron Percy's father?
What is the place of birth of Hannah Callowhill Penn's husband?
Where was the place of death of the founder of Interval Research Corporation?
Where did the director of film Corazón De Criolla die?
What is the place of birth of John Tzelepes Komnenos's father?
Where was the place of death of Agnes Of Hohenstaufen's husband?
Who is Pye Min's uncle?
Where was the place of death of Flóra Majthényi's husband?
Where did the director of film Island In The Sun (Film) die?
Where was the father of Przemysław Potocki born?
Where was the place of burial of Euphemia Of Pomerania's father?
What nationality is the director of film Pound Of Flesh (2015 Film)?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song I Can'T See Myself Leaving You?
Where did Clifton R. Breckinridge's father die?
Who is Eugene S. Pulliam's stepmother?
Where did the director of film The Far Shore die?
What is the place of birth of Peter Ebert's father?
Are both Reao and Ratonneau located in the same country?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Silent Battle?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Mysterion (Film)?
Where was the director of film King, Queen, Knave (Film) born?
What nationality is Isabelle Coutant-Peyre's husband?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Gitano (1970 Film)?
Which country the director of film Sarah Silverman: Jesus Is Magic is from?
Where was the father of Elizabeth Of Rhuddlan born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Lyon Lea?
What is the place of birth of Emily Ruete's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Strange Boarders?
What is the place of birth of Maria Laskarina's husband?
Who is Takeminakata's paternal grandmother?
What nationality is the director of film Sweet Substitute (Film)?
Where was the place of death of Thado Hsinhtein Of Tagaung's wife?
Who is the father of the director of film Iron Monkey 2?
Who is the paternal grandfather of Anthony Dryden Marshall?
Which song came out first, Shake Your Thang or Suedehead?
Where was the performer of song Her Strut born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Back Long Ago?
What nationality is Margaretha Van Mechelen's husband?
Are both movies, Photograph (Film) and Best Night Ever, from the same country?
Which country the director of film Nikki And The Perfect Stranger is from?
What is the place of birth of James Cecil, 5Th Earl Of Salisbury's father?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song A House Is Not A Motel?
What nationality is the composer of film Citizen Mavzik?
Where was the father of Alexander D. Henderson Jr. born?
Did Virginia Gardner and Ramón Hernández (Beach Volleyball) have the same nationality?
Who is the sibling of Osorkon Iii?
Where was the director of film Love Stories born?
What is the place of birth of Princess Junshi's husband?
Where was the creator of Junkin' With Val And Dave born?
Where did William Henry Gregory's wife die?
Are both high schools, Sharur Turkish High School and Classical High School, located in the same country?
Where was the director of film Poison Ivy: The New Seduction born?
Where was the husband of Princess Maria Anna Of Saxony (1799–1832) born?
Where was the place of death of Isabella Of Aragon, Queen Of Germany's father?
Where was the father of Gian Maria Visconti born?
Where did Françoise Dupuis's husband die?
Does Kristi Martel have the same nationality as Irina Levitina?
What nationality is Isabel Freire De Matos's husband?
What nationality is Sonni Baru's father?
What is the place of birth of the founder of Skywalker Sound?
Are A Land Imagined and The Story Of A Three-Day Pass both from the same country?
Where was the father of Marie Of Lusignan, Queen Of Aragon born?
Where does the creator of Call For Help work at?
Where does Gwen Graham's father work at?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Nammoora Raja?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song Dear Heart (Song)?
What is the place of birth of Moza Bint Nasser's husband?
Who is the spouse of the founder of Fitzwilton?
Are director of film The Beast In The Cellar and director of film Rulers Of The Sea from the same country?
What is the date of death of James Stuart, 3Rd Earl Of Moray's father?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song Hawaiian Wedding Song?
Where was the place of death of Thomas Sheridan (Soldier)'s father?
Where was the place of death of Phintys's father?
Where was the place of death of Linda Miller (Actress)'s husband?
What is the place of birth of the performer of song You Can'T Get There From Here?
Where did Tom Arnold (Literary Scholar)'s father die?
Where was the father of Boghos Nubar born?
Are director of film Cocktails (Film) and director of film Buddy Hutchins from the same country?
Are both Open Mobile and Primestar located in the same country?
Where was the place of death of Kosala Devi's husband?
Which film has the director died earlier, La Cérémonie or Who Is The Guilty??
Which film has the director who was born later, Know Thy Wife or Pardon My Backfire?
Where was the place of death of Julia Minor (Sister Of Caesar)'s mother?
When is Gomes Echigues's father's birthday?
Which film came out earlier, My Dear Desperado or Moner Manush?
What is the place of birth of Leni Sinclair's husband?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Judy And Punch?
Do both directors of films Rich And Strange and The Sunset Legion have the same nationality?
Where was the father of Louise Lindh born?
Where did the founder of Edison Manufacturing Company die?
Where did the editor of magazine Black Mask (Magazine) die?
Where was the place of death of Dürrünev Kadın's husband?
Are both Seattle Times Building and Philip Foster Farm located in the same country?
Where was the place of burial of Sonja Bernadotte's husband?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Andriesh?
Does Barbara Rylko-Bauer have the same nationality as Samuel A. Peeples?
Where was the father of Benjamin Hardin Helm born?
What is the date of death of the director of film Khanjar (1980 Film)?
Where was the father of Alexandre Grimaldi-Coste born?
Where did Emily Ruete's father die?
Do both films Mollenard and Assignment In Brittany have the directors that share the same nationality?
What nationality is Abdallah Ibn Abd Al-Malik's father?
Where was the place of burial of Nigar Hatun's husband?
Which film has the director born first, Backstairs At The White House or Her Husband'S Secretary?
Which country Louise Marie Thérèse Of Artois's mother is from?
What is the place of birth of Maria Alexandrovna (Marie Of Hesse)'s father?
Where did Elisabeth Magdalena Of Pomerania's husband die?
Where was the place of death of Jean Galli De Bibiena's father?
What nationality is Simonida's mother?
What is the place of birth of Zhu Gaoxu's father?
Where was the place of death of Neferneferure's mother?
Where was the place of burial of Pauline Lafon Gore's husband?
Who is the paternal grandfather of Anton Fredrik Klaveness (1903–1981)?
Which country Maria Of Nassau (1491–1547)'s father is from?
Where was the husband of Isabella Of Valois, Duchess Of Bourbon born?
Are both The Pledge (Film) and Mother Of George from the same country?
Who is the paternal grandfather of Felicity Tree?
Where was the place of death of Kamures Kadın's husband?
What nationality is the director of film Batman Xxx: A Porn Parody?
Who is the sibling-in-law of Rajiv Gandhi?
What nationality is the director of film Bombay Talkie?
Who is younger, Agostino Mitelli or Draymond Washington?
Where was the director of film Kamsale Kaisale born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Graves Without A Name?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Must Love Dogs?
Where did Valdemar Riise's father die?
Are the movies The Road To Divorce and Want So Much To Believe, from the same country?
Where was the father of Lope Díaz Ii De Haro born?
What is the place of birth of the founder of J. Barbour And Sons?
Which film has the director who died first, Eyes Of The Forest or Stardust On The Sage?
Where did Henry Beaufort, 2Nd Earl Of Somerset's mother die?
Are The House On The Edge Of The Park and Girlfriend In A Coma (Film) both from the same country?
Are both directors of films Ratchet & Clank (Film) and St. Vincent (Film) from the same country?
Did Charles Robinson (Raf Airman) and Terri Hooley share the same nationality?
Where was the place of burial of the director of film Does It Pay??
What is the place of birth of Jazmin Grace Grimaldi's father?
Do both directors of films Morals At Midnight and The Death Mask share the same nationality?
Who is the child of the director of film The Interrogation (Film)?
Where was the place of death of Juanita Jackson Mitchell's husband?
Where did Valtoke Gormsson's father die?
Where did Şehzade Yusuf Izzeddin's father die?
What nationality is Phintys's father?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Serpent'S Egg (Film)?
Where was the director of film Evil Eyes born?
Who is the child of the director of film Diggers (1931 Film)?
What is the place of birth of Lisbeth Palme's husband?
What is the cause of death of Charles Orlando, Dauphin Of France's father?
Where was the mother of Princess Maria Antonia Of Naples And Sicily born?
Which one was established first, Nora Industrier or Remington Arms?
Where was the place of death of Eliza R. Snow's husband?
Are the directors of both films The Knockout Kid and One Nine Nine Four from the same country?
Where was the place of burial of Michael Wayne's father?
Where did Mary Of Scotland, Countess Of Boulogne's husband die?
Where did Constance Lloyd's husband die?
Where was the director of film The Central Park Five born?
Who is the father of the director of film Between Strangers?
What is the place of birth of the composer of film Face To Face (1967 Film)?
Which award the director of film The Lady (2011 Film) got?
What is the place of birth of the composer of film Moses Und Aron (Film)?
Where did the director of film Out Of The Fog (1919 Film) die?
Are the directors of both films The Great Profile and Kim Kardashian, Superstar from the same country?
Where was the mother of John Of Aragon (Patriarch) born?
Do both films Rockshow and Assignment To Kill have the directors that share the same nationality?
What is the date of death of Henry Raspe, Landgrave Of Thuringia's father?
Where did the director of film Ave Caesar! die?
Where was the place of burial of Mei Shaowu's father?
Which film has the director who is older than the other, Velli Vizha or A Year Ago In Winter?
Where was the husband of Nagammai born?
Where was the director of film Bara (Film) born?
Where did Helen Dortch Longstreet's husband study at?
What nationality is the director of film Karavan Lyubvi?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Spangles (1926 Film)?
Where did Martha Bulloch Roosevelt's husband die?
Where was the place of burial of Marie-Louise Loubet's husband?
Which film has the director born earlier, Cumbres De Hidalguía or Extraordinary Mission?
Who is the maternal grandfather of Irmgard Of Chiemsee?
Which film has the director who was born first, The Inspector (1962 Film) or The Queen'S Affair?
Where was the place of death of Muqan Qaghan's father?
Are both Faure Island and Mistaken Island located in the same country?
Where did the performer of song Dream Brother die?
Which film has the producer who was born earlier, The Save The Children Fund Film or Time Out Of Mind (2014 Film)?
Where did the composer of song Nocturne (Britten) die?
Where was the place of burial of the performer of song Sleepy-Eyed John?
Where was the performer of song My Own Kind Of Hat born?
Which film has the director born later, Jungle Ka Jawahar or Frankenstein'S Daughter?
Where did Cornelia James Cannon's husband graduate from?
Do both directors of films A Summer'S Tale and Promise At Dawn share the same nationality?
Where was the place of death of Samsu-Iluna's father?
Which country the performer of song 99 Miles From L.A. is from?
Who is Dolores Costello's child?
Where did Charles Edison's father die?
Where was the director of film Demolition (2015 Film) born?
Who is the paternal grandfather of Cornelia Africana Major?
What is the place of birth of the director of film This Kind Of Love (Film)?
What is the place of birth of Mei Shaowu's father?
Did Michael Demond Davis and Philippe Gautier share the same nationality?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Mighty Peking Man?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Daybreak (1918 Film)?
Are both movies, Love And Hate (1924 Film) and Dark Blue World, from the same country?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Lion And The Mouse (1914 Film)?
Who is Mary Fielding Smith's grandchild?
Which song was released first, Elastic Heart or Boom Boom Pow?
What nationality is the director of film The Guru (1969 Film)?
Which film has the director who died earlier, The Woman With The Orchid or Helicopter Canada?
Where was the place of death of Niki Tsongas's husband?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Asadhya Aliya?
Which film has the director who is older, Bandits Of El Dorado or Secret Svensson?
Where was the director of film That Nazty Nuisance born?
Where was the director of film Hold That Girl born?
Where did the director of film Big Guns (1987 Film) die?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Rumors (Film)?
What is the place of birth of Bakht-Un-Nissa Begum's father?
Do both films, Subject Two and Sunburn (1979 Film), have the directors who are from the same country?
Who is the child of the director of film A Ticket In Tatts (1934 Film)?
Are both Three Girls Lost and Cavite (Film) from the same country?
Where was the place of death of Hayranidil Kadın's husband?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Mr. Justice Raffles (Film)?
Are Jim Kennedy (Manager) and Sharon Erickson Ropes both from the same country?
Are Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport and Arapahoe Municipal Airport both located in the same country?
Does Masayuki Koga have the same nationality as Ernest Riedel?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Clegg (Film)?
Who is Adela Of Pfalzel's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Bartered Bride (1932 Film)?
Where was the director of film The Ape (2005 Film) born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Moonlighting (Film)?
What is the place of birth of Frankie Bridge's husband?
Where did Meketaten's mother die?
Where did the director of film Breakfast In Bed (Film) die?
What is the place of birth of Giovanni Malatesta's wife?
Where did Henry Bentinck, 1St Duke Of Portland's father die?
When did Cristina Rodríguez (Noble)'s father die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Aashiq (2001 Film)?
Who is Cammán Mac Amlaíb's paternal grandfather?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Summer With Monika?
Where was the director of film Bangarada Mane born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Touch (1971 Film)?
Where was the director of film Drifters (2003 Film) born?
Where did Charlotte Von Lengefeld's husband die?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Men Around Lucy?
Which award the director of film Ang Dalubhasa won?
Were Kyle Wiltjer and Christopher T. Russell from the same country?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Great Jewel Robber?
Where was the director of film Acta General De Chile born?
What is the place of birth of Dina Matos's husband?
Which film has the director who is older, Don'T Take Me Home or Das Mädchen Und Der Staatsanwalt?
Where did the director of film The Gong Show Movie die?
Where was the director of film Breakup Buddies born?
What is the place of birth of Kamures Kadın's husband?
What nationality is Margaret, Countess Of Anjou's father?
Where was the place of death of Anna Bergman's father?
Where did Igor Smirnov (Scientist)'s father die?
Where was the place of burial of Ayşe Hatun (Daughter Of Bayezid Ii)'s father?
Which film came out first, Run The Race or Cup-Tie Honeymoon?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Duel In The Jungle?
What is the place of birth of A'Isha Bint Talhah's husband?
Do producer of film Reach The Rock and producer of film Butterfly On A Wheel share the same nationality?
Who is Joyce Gemayel's father-in-law?
What is the date of death of Stanislav Neuhaus's father?
Where was the place of death of Infanta Maria Francisca Of Braganza's father?
Where was the place of death of Cleopatra Iii Of Egypt's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Do Not Marry, Girls?
Where did the director of film The Magician (1958 Film) die?
What is the place of birth of Cadwaladr Ap Gruffydd's father?
Where did William Ii, Duke Of Apulia's father die?
Where was the place of death of Jeanette Sterke's husband?
What is the place of birth of Tatiana Schlossberg's mother?
Where was the place of death of Shin Hpa Of Pagan's husband?
Are Robin Lynn Macy and Kawaipuna Prejean of the same nationality?
Where was the father of Clara Maria Of Pomerania-Barth born?
Where did the composer of song The Red Telephone (Song) die?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Picture Of Dorian Gray (1945 Film)?
Which film was released more recently, Son Of France or Switchmas?
Where did Elliott Bulloch Roosevelt's father die?
Where did the director of film The Obsessed Of Catule die?
Where was the director of film He'S A Cockeyed Wonder born?
Where was the place of death of Mavra Shuvalova's husband?
What is the place of birth of the composer of film Naayudamma?
Where did Behter's father die?
Who is the father of the director of film Battle In Seattle?
Which film whose director was born first, The Company'S In Love or Punyakoti?
Are the movies The Statement (Film) and A Self Made Hero, from the same country?
Who is James Franklin Perry's sibling-in-law?
What nationality is the director of film Three Little Twirps?
Where did the composer of song Oh, So Nice! die?
Which film came out earlier, Watermark (Film) or Sofia'S Last Ambulance?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Dayere Zangi?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song Oei Oei Oei (Dat Was Me Weer Een Loei)?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Singer Of My City?
Where was the place of death of Berengaria Of Navarre's father?
Where was the place of burial of Cromartie Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 4Th Duke Of Sutherland's father?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song I'Ve Got A Crush On You?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Tom Thumb And Little Red Riding Hood?
What is the place of birth of the founder of Oak Hill Capital Partners?
What is the place of birth of Minke Smeets's husband?
Where was the husband of Maria Kaczyńska born?
What is the place of birth of the composer of film Il Corpo Dell'Anima?
What is the place of birth of David Lee Child's wife?
Where did Charles Wellesley, 9Th Duke Of Wellington's father die?
Where was the director of film Flags And Waves born?
Which film has more directors, Flesh For Frankenstein or The End Is My Beginning?
Are Night In December and Roar Of The Dragon from the same country?
Where was the director of film Killroy Was Here born?
What nationality is the performer of song Delilah (Tom Jones Song)?
Where was the director of film The Countess (Film) born?
Where was the director of film The Big Animal born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Vasantha Poornima?
What nationality is the director of film Oļegs Un Aina?
Where did Rouben V. Ambartzumian's father die?
What is the place of birth of Qudsia Begum's husband?
Where was the director of film Disco Singh born?
Where did Mei Shaowu's father die?
Who is Malin Berghagen's father?
Who is the aunt of Carl Löwenhielm?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Twists Of Fate?
Where was the place of death of Spencer Gibb's father?
What is the place of birth of Hatheburg Of Merseburg's husband?
When did Geoffrey Ii, Count Of Perche's father die?
Do both films Rawhide Mail and Death Of A Dynasty have the directors that share the same nationality?
Where did Taj Al-Dawla's father die?
Where did the director of film 13 Fighting Men die?
Where did the director of film Wolves Of The North die?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song Are You Sincere?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Mallrats?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song La Chanson D'Ève?
Are the directors of films Out Of The Ruins (Film) and Brainwashed (Film) both from the same country?
Which award the performer of song One More Time (Joe Jackson Song) earned?
What is the place of birth of the composer of film Men With Brooms?
Where was the place of death of Thaddeus P. Mott's father?
Where did Edward Of Middleham, Prince Of Wales's mother die?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song They All Laughed (Song)?
Who is the spouse of the performer of song Hold On (Rosanne Cash Song)?
Where was the place of death of Eurydice Of Egypt's husband?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Heavenly Swallows?
Which film has more directors, The Burned Barns or The Nevadan?
Where did Mary Ann Angell's husband die?
Where was the father of Helen Of Greece And Denmark born?
Where was the director of film Ice Kacang Puppy Love born?
Where was the father of Abby Rockefeller (Ecologist) born?
Where did Helvis Of Cyprus's father die?
Where did Franciszek Ferdynant Lubomirski's father die?
Where did Nesrin Kadın's husband die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Janumada Jodi?
Where was the director of film The Girl From Barnhelm born?
Are Polytechnic State University Of Bicol and University Of Southern Mindanao both located in the same country?
Where did the composer of song L'Horizon Chimérique die?
Where was the place of death of the director of film It'S No Laughing Matter?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Growing Up Smith?
What is the place of birth of the editor of magazine Scrutiny (Journal)?
Who is the child of the director of film Black On White (1968 Film)?
Which country the performer of song Who I Was Born To Be is from?
Where was the place of burial of Şirin Hatun's husband?
Where was the place of death of Mark Rockefeller's father?
Who is Henry Raspe, Landgrave Of Thuringia's paternal grandfather?
Which film has the producer died earlier, D-Day The Sixth Of June or Tramp, Tramp, Tramp?
What is the place of birth of Hind Bint Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani's father?
Why did Louise Borgia, Duchess Of Valentinois's father die?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure?
Where was the director of film Elinor Norton born?
Where did Angelica Singleton Van Buren's husband graduate from?
What nationality is the director of film Continental, A Film Without Guns?
Do director of film Ten9Eight: Shoot For The Moon and director of film Sabotage (1936 Film) share the same nationality?
Where was the place of death of Engelbert I, Count Of Berg's father?
What is the place of birth of Abd Al-Aziz Ibn Marwan's father?
Where was the place of death of the performer of song Won'T Be Long (Aretha Franklin Song)?
Who is Mary Of Bourbon's paternal grandfather?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Super Singh?
Which country John, Duke Of Durazzo's father is from?
What is the place of birth of the performer of song Today I Started Loving You Again?
What nationality is John Morgan (Of Rhiwpera)'s father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Midnight After?
Where was the place of burial of Jadwiga Of Kalisz's husband?
Where did the composer of song Who Stole The Kishka? die?
Who is the child of the director of film Anna (1970 Film)?
Where did Arthur Plantagenet, 1St Viscount Lisle's father die?
Where did Paul Cobb Methuen's father study?
Where was the place of death of the composer of film The Private Lives Of Elizabeth And Essex?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Company'S In Love?
Where did Paulding Farnham's wife die?
Where was the place of death of Cyril Holland's father?
What is the place of birth of the performer of song Svennebanan?
What is the place of birth of Prince Moriyoshi's father?
What nationality is Abigail Adams's husband?
What is the date of birth of the editor of magazine The Texas Ranger (Magazine)?
Where did the director of film Shadowlands (1993 Film) graduate from?
Where was the place of death of Arthur Macarthur Iv's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Eclipse (2009 Film)?
Where was the place of death of Licinia Eudoxia's father?
Where did the director of film Oh! What A Lovely War study?
Who is the paternal grandfather of Sir William Monson, 4Th Baronet?
Who is the father of the founder of university Gujarat Vidyapith?
What nationality is the director of film She Who Must Burn?
Who is Charles Willoughby, 10Th Baron Willoughby Of Parham's paternal grandfather?
Where was the father of Prince Boris Of Leiningen born?
Where was the place of death of Dale Berra's father?
Who is Phila (Daughter Of Seleucus)'s paternal grandfather?
What is the place of birth of Sheila Mary Tuer's husband?
Where was the director of film The Missing Picture born?
Who is Charles Cadogan, 2Nd Earl Cadogan's mother?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Mongolian Ping Pong?
Where did the director of film Passport To Rio die?
Where was the director of film Deewana (1992 Film) born?
Which country the director of film Secrets Of The Titanic is from?
What is the place of birth of Sakdiphonlasep's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Great Grand Masti?
Where did the performer of song Back To Life (Alicia Keys Song) graduate from?
What is the place of birth of the performer of song That'S What I Like About The South?
Where did the composer of song Nice Work If You Can Get It (Song) die?
Where was the place of death of Ptolemy Xiii Theos Philopator's wife?
Where was the place of death of the composer of song Gretchen Am Spinnrade?
When was Charles, Grand Duke Of Baden's father born?
Are both Before The Jury and Dorian Gray (1970 Film) from the same country?
Where did the director of film Turtledove General Delivery die?
Where did the director of film Amandla!: A Revolution In Four-Part Harmony graduate from?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Foolish Virgin (1916 Film)?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Aahuti (1985 Film)?
Where does Adele Khoury Graham's husband work at?
What nationality is Alice Delamar's father?
Where was the performer of song Ímpetu born?
Where was the place of death of Sisowath Kossamak's husband?
Where did Henry Of Castile The Senator's father die?
Where did the composer of song Stairway To Paradise die?
Are both directors of films Tarzan And The Slave Girl and Sweet Crude from the same country?
Where was the father of Angela Burdett-Coutts, 1St Baroness Burdett-Coutts born?
Where was the place of death of Vipsania Marcella's husband?
Where was the place of death of Edward V Of England's father?
Where was the place of death of Maria (Wife Of Boris I Of Bulgaria)'s husband?
Where did Miyoko Watai's husband die?
Where did the director of film Summer Interlude die?
Where was the director of film Mark (Film) born?
What is the place of birth of the founder of B. Hick And Sons?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Americana (Film)?
Where was the father of Prince Hermann Friedrich Of Leiningen born?
Which country Otto Iii, Duke Of Swabia's father is from?
Where did the composer of song Wiegenlied, D 498 (Schubert) die?
Where was the place of death of Mieszko Ii Lambert's father?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Happy Go Lucky (1936 Film)?
Where did the director of film Marie Tudor (1912 Film) die?
Do Bret Mulder and Sam Rosa have the same nationality?
Where was the director of film Ashwamedha (Film) born?
Where was the place of death of the director of film I Was A Convict?
Where was the father of Oljath born?
Where did Gavin Arthur's father die?
Where did the director of film The Brave Bulls (Film) die?
When is the composer of film Hi-De-Ho (1947 Film) 's birthday?
Where did Daniel Smith Donelson's father die?
Where was the director of film Marlene (1984 Film) born?
Where was the director of film Doctor Krishna born?
Which film has more directors, Fright Night 2: New Blood or 23 Blast?
Where was the director of film Torrents Of Spring (Film) born?
What nationality is the director of film All'S Well, Ends Well Too?
Where did Sebastián Marroquín's father die?
Where was the father of John I Of Trebizond born?
Where did the founder of university Seton Hall University die?
Are Disaster Movie and Hacker (Film) from the same country?
Where did the director of film A Little Life-Opera study?
Who is the father of the director of film Being Flynn?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The Decision Of Christopher Blake?
Where did the founder of university University Of Piura die?
When did the composer of film Through A Glass Darkly (Film) die?
Where was the director of film Trick For Trick born?
Where did the director of film A.W.O.L. (2006 Film) die?
What is the place of birth of Consort Dugu's husband?
Where was the director of film Empire Of The Air: The Men Who Made Radio born?
What nationality is John Bede Dalley's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Train Off Schedule?
Where was the mother of Mary Williams (Activist) born?
Where did the director of film A Woman Of The Sea die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Den (2013 Film)?
Where was the place of burial of Bülbül Hatun's husband?
Do both films, English (2018 Film) and Demonic Toys, have the directors who are from the same country?
Where did Nazperver Kadın's husband die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film The Pedestrian (Film)?
Are Biff Schlitzer and Ryan Groy both from the same country?
Where did Swizz Beatz's wife study at?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Harrison And Barrison?
Where did Constantine Palaiologos (Son Of Andronikos Ii)'s mother die?
Where was the father of Balša Hercegović born?
Who is the spouse of the performer of song This Time (Waylon Jennings Song)?
What is the place of birth of Temulin's mother?
When did Cezaria Jędrzejewiczowa's father die?
Where did Leszek The White's father die?
Where did the director of film Cyclamen (Film) die?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Frozen (1997 Film)?
Who is the mother of the director of film Zoolander?
Who is the spouse of the performer of song Bob Wills Is Still The King?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Liberated Hands?
What nationality is the director of film The Diary Of A Slumlord?
What is the place of birth of Helvis Of Cyprus's father?
Where did Anna Atkins's father die?
Where did Walter J. Kohler Sr.'s father die?
Where did the director of film Colleen (1927 Film) die?
Do Colin Chapman (Primatologist) and Kohl Stewart share the same nationality?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Cambodia: Between War And Peace?
Which country Louis De Vilmorin's father is from?
Where was the father of Bonne Of Armagnac born?
Where did the performer of song Karma (Alicia Keys Song) study?
Which film was released more recently, Eakantham or Ekskul?
Do both directors of films Olangal and Lucky Man (Film) have the same nationality?
When did John Beaufort, Marquess Of Dorset's father die?
Where did the composer of film Sakhavu (1986 Film) die?
Where was the mother of Henry Vassall Webster born?
Which country Boghos Nubar's father is from?
Which country the director of film Dvd By Sexy is from?
Where did Matilda Of England, Duchess Of Saxony's mother die?
Where was the place of burial of Jacques-Victor Henry's father?
Where did Andreyas's father die?
Where did Leona Woods's husband die?
Where did John Athalarichos's father die?
Were Don Leo Jonathan and Richard F. Kneip of the same nationality?
Where was the place of death of Eleanor Butler Roosevelt's husband?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Charlie: The Life And Art Of Charles Chaplin?
Where was the place of death of the director of film The River Wild?
Do the movies The Orange Thief and Adulterers (Film), originate from the same country?
Who is the father-in-law of Aemilia Tertia?
Do both films Danse Avec Lui and Lifecycles: A Story Of Aids In Malawi have the directors from the same country?
Where was the performer of song Serbia In The Eurovision Song Contest 2015 born?
Who is Teresa Korwin Gosiewska's paternal grandfather?
Where was the place of burial of the composer of film The Inner Scar?
What is the place of birth of Michael Sellers (Actor)'s father?
Where was the place of death of Abu'L-Hasan Ali Ibn Al-Ikhshid's father?
Where was the place of death of Allah Verdi Mirza Farman Farmaian's father?
Where was the creator of Ayuready? born?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Huey Long (Film)?
Where was the place of death of Saskia Van Uylenburgh's husband?
What is the date of death of Doamna Chiajna's husband?
Where did Firouz Nosrat-Ed-Dowleh Iii's father die?
Do the movies 10 Billion: What'S On Your Plate? and Terminal Virus, originate from the same country?
Did the movies Supercock and Intelligence And The Japanese Civilian, originate from the same country?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Come Out Fighting (1973 Film)?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Song Of China?
Which award the director of film The Extraordinary Adventures Of Adèle Blanc-Sec (Film) got?
Where was the place of death of the director of film Spanilá Jízda?
Where did the founder of Hornby Railways die?
Are both bands, Brancaccio & Aisher and Leslie (Band), from the same country?
Where was the place of death of Alessandro Ruspoli, 2Nd Prince Of Cerveteri's father?
What is the place of birth of the director of film Frisk (Film)?
Where was the place of burial of Cleophis's husband?
Where was the place of death of Helene Boullé's husband?
Where was the place of burial of Iput Ii's husband?
