What profession does Am Rong and Alexandre Rockwell have in common?
What retailer is the second-largest in the United States and has a commercial featuring the American artist who was 1st runner-up in the 2005 USA Weekend Magazine's songwriting competition?
The 2005 documentary "The Aristocrats" was dedicated to a comedian that received how many Emmy Awards?
Where is the company that built Woodvale Historic District located?
Alan Furst and Lee Child are what?
Route 146, Interstate 890, and what other highway all run through Schenectady, New York?
Which film was released first, Roving Mars or The London Connection?
Who worked for both the Security Service and the Secret Intelligence Service, and began writing novels under his pen name, Audre Lorde or John le Carré?
Who was the director of the film which had "Held" on its soundtrack?
Who won an award first, the Brothers Quay or Alexandra Shiva?
Which was founded first, Stellenbosch University or Wayne State University?
Which film director is younger, Del Lord or Wang Xiaoshuai?
Was Howard Hawks a screenwriter of more productions than Arthur Berthelet
Who was born first, Tanya Donelly or Trace Cyrus?
What film title does J. F. Lawton and Shawn Levy have in common?
What is the French name of the bay into which the Big Salon River flows?
What type of vegetation does Cerastium and Pavonia have in common?
Alvarezsauroidea was named after a physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in what year?
The sauce that fills a BiFi Carazza is referred to as what by Italians?
Morning glory and Sorbus are both a genus of plants?
When did the politician who represented the electoral district in Sydney's West resign from his political party?
What hip hop group from Hollis, Queens, New York, founded in 1981 by Joseph Simmons, Darryl McDaniels, and Jason Mizell, was brought out by the first rap crew from Dallas, Texas?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Natalie Merchant or Marian Gold?
How much money did the Oshoites borrow in 1885 from Helen Byron?
Who won more competitions in tennis match, Dick Crealy or Mary Pierce?
Which contains more species, Stigmaphyllon or Aloe?
What level of education does Ateneo de Davao University offer that the University of Minnesota does not?
What is the chemical formula of the kind of ash of which Middlewich Folk and Boat Festival celebrates the raw materials needed for the manufacturing?
What is the nickname of the first baseman who was traded by the Padres in 2010?
Which breed of dog is extinct, the Bracco Italiano or the St. John's water dog?
Does the London Avenue Canal or Riverside Canal run through the 4th ward?
Evan Mecham was given a nickname of a man who was born in what year?
The first recording of the Mahler Symphony No. 8 was conducted by which Jewish-Polish-Irish bandleader?
Which is a higher level city, Yuxi or Lufeng, Guangdong?
which English actor was a supporting cast in Tristan & Isolde
Who is the second youngest cricket captain to play in the 2016 Indian Premier League?
Which magazine was published first, Who Put the Bomp or Curve?
Which was released first, The Plow That Broke the Plains or The Man Who Skied Down Everest?
Which community radio station moved to prevent interference with Australian Broadcasting Corporation?
Thomas "Tom" Lonie played for which team at the King Power Stadium?
Has Matt Willis or Bayside had more top 20 singles?
What animation studio founded in 2002 produced the television series El Chavo Animado?
Who directed the 1997 comedy film Rya Kihlstedt was in?
Which university graduates more number of students in a year, California Institute of Technology or Boston College?
Who is an Indian film actor and producer that co-hosted the 57th Filmfare Awards ceremony in 2012?
Who has more scope of profession, PJ Harvey or Salt?
Which band was formed first, Loudspeakers or Marcy Playground?
Which director was from a geographically smaller country, Éric Rohmer or Robert Stevenson?
Barbara Linares is a model for what parent company of Aerie?
Cocky represents a cartoon version of a gamecock after what term was used by George Wilson?
"Plop, Plop, Fizz, Fizz, Oh What a Relief it Is!" was a jingle for a product launched in what year?
Would the competition Bundeswettbewerb Gesang Berlin be held for the genres of light opera in even or uneven years?
Main Line of Public Works and Sacramento Deep Water Ship Channel, are in the United States?
Which Dutch-British CGI animated television series originally aired on KRO in the Netherlands is based on the "Miffy" book series by Dutch artist Dick Bruna?
Has Alek Keshishian been the writer for more films than Mark Krikorian?
Between Ray Wilson and Nick Carter, who has released more solo albums?
Who was nominated for more Academy Awards, Vittorio De Sica or Robert Altman?
What cable and satellite television channel owned by Turner Broadcasting System developed the a telenovela starring Sheryl Rubio together with Víctor Drija?
Which breed was developed first, the Doberman Pinscher or the Old Time Farm Shepherd?
Who plays more instruments, Glenn Hughes or Dave Evans?
Which song was written and produced by Rihanna and Verse Simmonds on Rihanna's fifth studio album "Loud?"
Which Genus has four species, Duboisia or Ctenanthe?
The name of Dreyse needle gun's succesor was also called what?
The Clemson Tigers competed in the 2015 Orange Bowl in what city?
large, primarily residential, public research university in Kent, Ohio, United States has an online folk music stream that is hosted by an American radio personality who is also a representative of Philadelphia's folk music scene, what was he called by "The Philadelphia inquirer"?
Who is a Russian professional latin and ballroom dancer, in series 8 of broadcast from Wembley Arena on 19 November with all proceeds going to the BBC charity, Children in Need?
Which is farther north, Kundol Lake or Śniardwy?
In which american sitcom with 247 episodes did Jeff Mooring appeared?
American actor and musician Sam Witwer stars on the supernatural television series, Being Human, which is a remake of a show with the same name, featured on what network?
Rabinjan is located between Samarkand and a city located on what famous road that runs between China and the Mediterranean?
Who would have more American film credits, Stefan Ruzowitzky or Jeremy Kagan?
Are both Sergei Sobolev and Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov members of the IHÉS in France?
Which band has the most recent album release, Pop Will Eat Itself or Black Stone Cherry?
Which Kenyan-Mexican Academy Award-winning actress is a star of Star Wars: The Last Jedi?
Cypress and Baumea, are types of a woody perennial plant?
Was We Are Scientists or Needtobreathe formed further west?
Which New England university has a larger main campus, University of Hartford or University of Massachusetts Amherst?
What type of gesture does Donets-Krivoy Rog Soviet Republic and have in common?
What conference has the most valuable NBA franchise according to Forbes?
What kind of vegetation does Filipendula and Aloinopsis have in common?
Between Willow and Darwinia, which genus has more species?
Which director is from a country closer to the United States, Arturo Ripstein or Bahman Ghobadi?
What part did Rolls-Royce Holdings make for Sea Jet?
Of Herbert Achternbusch an David Seltzer, which lived closer to Canada?
What was Sedgebrook railway station formerly?
What was the nickname of the employee of an American company that manufactures footwear, sports, and casual apparel given by Bill Parcells because of his fondess for technology?
What continent has the Kogyae Strict Nature Reserve?
Sky Rocket was renovated into which roller coaster, that had the longest drop at the time?
Who has been nominated for less Academy Awards, Todd Field or Mika Kaurismäki?
What is the name of the group that Ghaur's race is in a war with?
Which band is from the US, Pylon or Rivermaya?
Who was first to win a Grand Slam doubles championship, Heather Watson or Édouard Roger-Vasselin?
Which artist recorded more tracks, Mark Rankin or Steve Lukather?
Between Charles M. Schulz–Sonoma County Airport and Lake Hood Seaplane Base, which airport is of a larger scale?
What was the population in 2010 of the city where Irwin Stadium is located ?
Which building is older, the Mısır Apartment or the Abdi İpekçi Arena?
Which began their carrer first, Zoltan Korda or Claude Sautet?
What is similarity between Ivor Gurney and Robert Walser?
What extract is said to have certain cosmetic and hair-growth properties when using hexane, ethyl acetate, ethanol, water, methanol, or dimethyl carbinol as extractants?
Leff Nicolas Pouishnoff played works by which Austrian composer born on January 31, 1979?
Are Gynaika Magazine and New! Magazine both tailored to a female audience?
Which team drafted Emil Johansson in the 52nd NHL Entry Draft in the seventh round?
Are both Strombocactus and Calypso bulbosa both genus of plants ?
What is the name of one of the native species of buckthorn that is also a powerful plant-based laxative?
Which opera was performed first The Midsummer Marriage or The Beggar's Opera ?
Are Thom Yorke and Bruce Guthro both members of the alternative rock band Radiohead?
The Missouri river has a tributary that originates from what peak in the Absaroka Range?
Which school has more educational institutions, The University of Texas System or Wake Forest University?
Which of Brandon Thaxton or Jon Turteltaub has the highest filming skills
Are Robert Pollard and Nic Offer both American musicians?
Who directed more movies, Vincent Sherman or David Seltzer?
Who had the longer career, Amy Lee or Jimi Hendrix?
Julia Hahn and Steve Bannon are both former employees of what news source?
Are both Diet Pepsi and Volvic carbonated drinks?
Are Conrad Aiken and Mahatma Gandhi both poets?
Are both Chamaelirium and Hovea flowering plants?
Who has been to space more times, Hans Schlegel or Frank De Winne?
Who released the singles "I Hope You Dance" and "Call Me Crazy"?
Which political party did the son of Lev Sedov become the leader of?
In which of the 13 countries that Telenor owns networks is Grameen Telecom located?
Are Lee Ranaldo and Morrissey of the same nationality?
Destabilise is a single by a British rock band formed i St Albans, Hertfordshire, England, under what name?
Which MLB organization which Lou Dials played for has a current majority owner named Peter Angelos?
Which game has more pieces, King of Tokyo or Tsuro?
What star of the Allegheny Uprising was original known as "Marion Mitchell Morrison"?
Charles Hutchison and William K. Howard were simultaneously active in the film industry between what years?
Are Kevin Woo and Epic Mazur both male?
Did Noah and The Virgins have the same number of members and their start?
Mahatma Gandhi led India to independence through nonviolent civil disobedience which was sometimes referred to as what?
Ethan Phillips plays the character Neelix in what sci-fi tv series?
Are both Cissus and Ruscus considered flowering plants?
Who has received more medals, Andrei Okounkov or Valery Goppa?
What did the wife of the 15th Mughal Emperor serve as?
The two major classic films Westward Ho the Wagons! and The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band were productions of what major entertainment titan?
Did both H. Bruce Humberstone and Michael Haneke work on the 1997 film "Funny Games?"
What was the company orginally named first?
What 2,363 seat live performance venue was At the Ryman recorded?
Who directed the American romantic comedy-drama which Mackenzie Davis made her film debut in
What is the name of the director and producer of a 2016 American fantasy adventure film which features the voices of Stephen Fry, Timothy Spall and Alan Rickman?
Which band has more member, Broken Bells or Navarone?
What is the occupation of both Nic Nassuet and Ray Toro?
Were Terry Jones and Thomas Schlamme both members of the Monty Python comedy troupe?
What village in the town of Hempstead is the home for a team John Paul Loviglio plays for?
Who received more awards for their works, Paul Celan or Jonathan Kellerman?
Battle of Chancellorsville and Battle of Leyte Gulf, are battles fought by Americans?
What artist released a free red 7" vinyl with "NME" magazine and released an album in June 2017?
Who is a Canadian singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer who's solo musical project is Homeshake?
What occupation do Dustin Kensrue and Jimmy Urine share?
What 2006 American romantic comedy film was directed by Edw?ard Fitzgerald Burns
"Laws of Deception" was written by the older brother of what famous actor?
What music entity was voted highest on the charts, M. Shadows or Fun?
Were Thomas Berger and H. L. Davis thought to be underappreciated?
The Airco DH.9 was named after which British aviation pioneer?
Who died first, Gheorghe Buzdugan or King Michael?
Who has recorded more albums, Dennis Agajanian or Mike Connors?
Havoc and Prodigy appeared in Da Hip Hop Witch with what Detroit rapper?
Which Welsh composer directed The Constant Nymph?
What region of Europe does the mob boss known as Erricone and the boss born January 222, 1862- known as the "boss of bosses"- hail from?
What 1970 American born tennis player won the 1990 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles?
When was the film featuring Paul Michael Levesque released?
What album was the song Gentleman on?
Alf Ellison was the chairman of operations at what farm implement maker in the United Kingdom?
Which tennis player is still playing, Yan Zi or Richard Krajicek?
Who directed more films, Edward H. Griffith or Hans Behrendt?
Which singer formed a band first, Chris Martin or Jimmy Gestapo?
Who was a better selling artist, Onew or Sonya Scarlet?
Both Bessera and Sesleria are?
Were Saint François d'Assise and Curlew River written by writers from the same country?
What 2006 criminal case led by Mike Nifong was the basis of an episode of "Law & Order"?
Three Town Senior High School is located in a town whose name literally means what?
Which 1997 single, on the album of the same name, was written and sung by Ringo Starr?
Which is farther south, Palm Beach International Airport or Fairbanks International Airport?
What is the name of the film made in 2006 by the actress who starred in "About last Night..."
What was the name of the band that Vicentico co-founded and produced the album Los Rayos?
Which film director has directed more films, James Cunningham or Chuck Russell?
What is the nickname of man whom the Toronto Raptors acquired from the Sacramento Kings in season 2000-01 ?
Who has written shows in more languages, Francis Veber or John Garabedian?
In which city does this annual convention (first occurred in June 1993) that Iftach Ian Amit founded take place ?
What member of Garin i Giperboloidy was born on June 24, 1963?
Riverdance is part of a traditional dance from origination from which country?
What film was directed by a British film editor and was a 2010 British-American fantasy film distributed by Warner Bros?
As of the 2010 census, does Dongguan or Tongzhou District, Beijing have a larger population?
When did Bobby Sands' hunger strike end?
What was a cartridge developed for the Browning .50 caliber machine gun in the late 1910, was banned in California which led to the adoption of a French rifle cartridge developed by Eric Danis?
An American twin-engine attack helicopter that was developed for the United States Marine Corps as part of the H-1 upgrade program is also called what when based on the ICAO phonetic alphabet pronunciation of it's variant letter?
Which film director was born in Romania, Leni Riefenstahl or Mitch Anderson?
Who was the director of the film in which Rhys Wakefield played Thomas Mollison?
Who has more Academy Award nominations, Whit Stillman or Janusz Nasfeter?
Are Cão Fila de São Miguel and Griffon Nivernais from the same country?
Which players' team, Seth or Stephen Curry, is closer to New Orleans?
Which was built first, 55 Hudson Yards or New York World Building?
What ballerina danced at a cinema currently operated by Cineworld on the north side of Leicester Square?
what award was the Adaption based novel of Julie Ganapathi nominated for in 1988
Which part of Argentine's national territory is an ice-covered mountainous island off the coast of Antarctica?
Are Cynara and Piptanthus both flowering plants?
When did the character who was originally a villain but later became an antihero first appeared in a comic book?
Which Australian Model co-hosted the 1998 MTV EMAs alongside with Ed Sheeran?
Who has written for more films, Colin Campbell or John Gilbert?
Which city was formerly of Shazhou County, Gao'an or Zhangjiagang?
Which genus includes more plants that produces flowers, Zanthoxylum or Legousia?
Who has coached at more schools, Jerry Tarkanian or Richard Donchian?
Who played Jeanne Murray's cousin in the sitcom "All in the Family"?
What is the name of this 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, in which Jeff Bridges earned an Academy Award nomination for his role in the film?
What movie did Kong Su-chang direct and what was it?
During what years were the group of paintings which included "Almond Blossom" painted by Vincent van Gogh and made to celebrate the key player in the growth of his fame?
Samuel Hsieh is currenly competing in a compact car that was launched in which Auto show ?
Did both Kanni and Bloodhound originate in the same continent?
Which as more stories the Metropolitan Tower or 70 Pine Street?
The 2003 Louisville Cardinals football team represented the University of Louisville in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season, the team was led by Bobby Petrino in his first year at the school, is an American football coach,and former player, born on which date?
How many golden also did Jan Tauren win at the Far eastern Championship games?
In what year was the father of Blanche of Castile born?
What second oldest school in Miami-Dade County did a Grammy Award winning record producer and songwriter attend?
Between Body of War and When We Were Kings, which film's location is closer to Israel?
When was the Ghanian district that includes Chumburung created?
Who died first, Billy Mackenzie or Simon Neil?
Have Davey Havok and Dickie Peterson both released solo albums?
What man born as Billy Powel leader of the Seminole in Florida, was of mix parentage including an ethnic group in Ireland, found mostly in the Ulster region and to a lesser extent in the rest of Ireland?
What name was the director of Batman XXX: A Porn Parody given at birth?
The Dr. Wesley Blaisdell House is located in the hamlet on what route?
What were the group of four perpetrators convicted for the crimes depicted in Il mostro di Firenze known as?
Which university offers more types of degrees, the University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore or California State University, Sacramento?
What kind of institution does NOHA and Erasmus Programme have in common?
What striker and Paraguayan footballer, achieved 38 goals in a single year, during the 2009 Torneo Apertura?
Who has released more studio albums Sum 41 or Nude?
There is a recurring theme in two American comic books published by Marvel Comics. One has a character Doctor Minerva while the other has a character Rauul. What name do these two comics have in common?
Which is the larger dog breed, Lakeland Terrier or Schapendoes?
What American Civil War General in the Union Army was compared to a character created by Shakespeare?
Which amusement park corporation based in the United States bought Movieland Wax Museum
Elsholtzia and Platycarya are both plants which are native to China but are they also both found in India?
What number of U.S. Navy Vessel held the USS Hopping after Lieutenant Commander Hallsted L. Hopping was killed in action?
Are Paphiopedilum and Soleirolia both flowering plants?
Which film based on a novel written by Mary Hayley Bell in 1959, had cast member Ashley Lloyd?
Which Kentucky town is larger, Gray or Corbin?
Who is more powerful than the Old Ones in the Palladium Books?
Midway Studios Los Angeles is the video game franchise what originally developed Mortal Kombat in what year?
Who won India's first ever gold medal in wrestling at the Commonwealth Games in 2010, and is cousin to other international wrestlers and Commonwealth Games medalists as well?
What suburb of Salisbury has a population of 98,861 people?
The Franck–Condon principle was postulated by which 1925 Nobel Physics Prize recipient?
Who restored then1824 constitution and was called "the man of Destiny"?
Which not-for-profit laboratory is based in the same city as the aerospace focused software company, Intermetrics?
Which Taylor Swift song which draws reference to fairytales won a Grammy Award?
What 17th-century colonial province was founded by the leader of a group of Walloon Huguenots who fled Europe due to religious persecutions?
who has the highest pitch of voice Daryl Hall or Steven Tyler
Which party game was first published in German, Time's Up! or Elfenland?
What is the name of the American Actress who serves as spokeswoman for Fashion for Relief?
Barnadesia and Maple, are types of flowering plants?
During what season did an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C acquired Elvin Hayes from the Houston Rockets?
In between Brand New and King Charles which included Derrick Sherman (guitar, backing vocals, keyboards)?
Are both Lysiloma and Peltophorum large tree species?
What colors are common to the Welsh Springer Spaniel and Old Danish Pointer?
How far southeast of the state capital Xalapa is the birthplace of Rafael Domínguez Gamas?
Blackledge-Kearney was used by which administrator for a temporary headquarters during the crossing of the Hudson in the late 1770s?
Are Amesiella and Rhaphidophora both found in the western Pacific?
What type of games are both Club Nintendo and Punch-Out!! known for?
What criminal case which convicted Brock Allen Turner of three counts of felony sexual assault did Michele Landis Dauber work as attorney on?
The Drake Hotel honors a captain of which era?
the Ohio Collaborative is a task force created by an American politician who cannot stand for reelection due to what?
If you flew from John Glenn Columbus International Airport to Monroe Regional Airport would you be traveling north?
What rock band had a song featured on a television program with Tony Ayres serving as an Executive Producer?
What unincorporated community is concentrated around the intersection of Tennessee State Route 62 and the highway that is the core of the annual World's Longest Yard Sale?
Is George Duran or Richard Dekmejian older?
Which low-cost airline is headquartered in Sydney?
What 2014 Heisman Trophy winner was a first round pick by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the 2015?
What novel trilogy written in 1995 has won a number of awards and had a film made from it's first novel?
How many kilometers southwest of Geneva's city centre is Doyen Bridel from?
Which was in operation longer the Burwash Mine or the Hedley Mascot Mine?
Otto Eduard Leopold, Prince of Bismarck's titled name, Otto von Bismarck, comes from Bismarck, in what district of Germany?
Q1: Who was director of the museum featuring the last sail-only warship designed and built by the United States Navy?
What is the name of the type of music that postulates that human beings have evolved to live in tribal society and was performed by Steve Tibbetts?
What album included a song about Mia Zapata?
What 1599 play was remade into An Honourable Murder?
Who is the wife of Holy Roman Emperor which German royal election, 1002 held after his death
The 1966–67 Northern Rugby Football League season ended with a 2nd place finish for the team from what town in County Cumbria?
Which ethnic subgenre included a 1996 action-gangster film set in Gary, indiana?
Did both Eduardo Montes-Bradley and Frank Borzage direct films?
John Lennon was apart of which band that wrote "Rain"?
Do both Tim Howar and Milo Aukerman have their doctorate degrees?
Which university is located outside of the United States, University of Central Florida or Ain Shams University?
Which teammate did Ali Ashfaq play with who was nicknamed the Sikkimese Sniper?
Miro Kosta Strati or more commonly known as Miro Tërbaçe was a semi-legendary Albanian hero who slew the local Sanjak of Avlona out of ("revenge"), for the death of her brother, also called?
During the Burgfriedenspolitik, the SPD voted for debt securities that finance what?
Did Brett Anderson or Michael Monroe release the most solo albums?
Who was born more recently, Cumrun Vafa, or Rumi?
Who sang the theme song for a British comedy-drama television programme about seven British migrant construction workers?
What is the name of this fifth episode of The Simpsons tenth season, in which Leary and Brian Grazer appeared as guest stars as themselves?
What is the rebranded name of the racing series now that was won in 2016 by the Prema Powerteam?
What is the same of the city that is the second largest city municipality in Italy and appeared in The 2010 Giro d'Italia?
Which tower is taller, 8 Spruce Street or The Steinway Tower?
What song by Milenge Milenge was featured in "When We Met"?
Which Missouri football team did former NFL running back Doug Dresser play for?
Which album did Celine Dion release first: "The Colour of My Love" or "Unison"?
Who was the director that directed both Jennifer Carpenter and Mattie Liptak?
Which mine is farther west, Camlaren Mine or Lost Lemon Mine
Who had more pseudonyms, Robert Ludlum or Clement Greenberg?
Hagia Sophia and Monastery of the Transfiguration, Kinaliada, are located in which city?
What term, more masculine than falsetto, refers to the optimal combination of airflow and glottal tensions that yields maximum vibration?
Overland Park Police Department is located in which most populous Kansas county?
Which film was released on more VHS's, Religulous and N.Y.H.C.?
Which creator of "Absolutely Fabulous" has also won three BAFTAs?
Did James Cruze and Raoul Walsh act and direct in silent films?
What country did the explorers that the film Glory & Honor was based on originate from?
Which Supreme Court case addressed more Amendments of the US Constitution, District of Columbia v. Heller or Gibbons v. Ogden?
In which year was this family-owned business that publishes mail order magazine "Comfort" founded?
Which plant has more spikes projecting from its stems: Fouquieria or Alfalfa?
When did the group, in which Canadian writer Wayson Choy is a member, develop a romanisation system for Catonese?
Which professional footballer is uncle to the African Footballer of the Year for 2008?
For what war did the "Stuka" plane beat the Heinkel He 118?
Who directed the 1968 thriller film that featured the actor of the "Harry Potter" films' Rubeus Hagrid in a supporting role?
Do the bands Squirrel Nut Zippers and Hoodoo Gurus perform the same genre of music?
What is the birth year of the Jazz singer who is responsible for writing the gospel song "Come Ye"?
Stan Brakhage and Frank Powell are known for what kind of films?
Who is known by the most other names, Scott Sidney or John Dahl?
What building is connected by tram to the Mirage and is owned by General Growth Properties Inc.?
Which sports announcer, who spent the last part of his career as a Chicago Cubs announcer, also owns a Chicago restaurant?
How did the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact impact the land of Tinutul Jiu?
Which magazine has more audience, The Friend or The Saturday Evening Post?
who has the highest number of entertainment work Simon Wincer:or Mickey Rooney:
Did Yukio Mishima and Noah Gordon have pen names?
Which College campus has more buildings, University of North Texas or Lawrence Technological University?
The Foreigner universe is a fictional universe created by an author that has written approximately how many books?
What singer, with the birthname Ashutosh Ganguly Bengali, performed songs for the movie Polam Pol ?
What plant genus grows in Doonan, Australia and is native to New South Wales?
Which university is older University of Southern Queensland or Arkansas State University?
How high is the mount where the Sundha Mata temple is located?
Are Syagrus and Ammobium both perennials?
The man that was awarded the Michael Faraday Prize in 2008 is currently a professor at what university?
What village is located in the capital and largest city in Bishkek?
The Ski Club of Australia is part of which Australian National Park and Reserve?
What year was the bass, vocals member of Four Lovers born?
In 1969, The Hollies released an entire album of covers by what popular singer, known for songs like, "The Times They Are a-Changin'"?
What is the location of the site of the upper school founded by James Pilkington?
Who is likely to have represented and advanced Armenian music more, Art Laboe or Konstantin Orbelyan?
What was the DJ that DJ Dazzle remixed on multiple occasions named by MixMag Magazine?
The former National Basketball Association (NBA) player and current television analyst for CBS Sports with the initials GA played for a team in 1996-1997 that finished with what record?
In what year did Matt Lucas star in Alice Through the Looking Glass?
Who was the member of the Pixies who also was in the Toadies and Breeders?
When was the film that is based on a novel by Sarah Blakley-Cartwright released?
What is the 1995 comedy directed by Walter Hill that also had R.D. Call appear in?
Which band has released more full-length albums, Idlewild or Pavement?
What flying ace was shot down by the "Red Barron" during WWII?
What was Judas Priest's seventh album and produced by Gull Records?
Who has spent more time working for Lucasfilm, Ltd., Mark Geragos or Howard Kazanjian?
Who has more letters in their middle name out of Margaret Laurence and Paul Heyse?
Which show on Tiny TV aired on August 20, 2001?
What movie, based on the novel by Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay was directed by Nitin Chandrakant Desai?
Who most recently won the Nobel Prize for Literature, Jacinto Benavente y Martínez or Rohinton Mistry?
Which board game is the most modern, Carcassonne or Ashta Chamma?
Which 90s rock band has more recently reformed, Gene or The Afghan Whigs?
What was the former name of the racing team that the No. 31 LMP2 Oreca 07 belongs to?
What Canadian has produced a song with the Cast members of Nashville?
Which canal is longer, the Industrial Canal in Louisana or the James River and Kanawha Canal in Virginia?
What was the nickname of grandfather of the man that married the former Carol Shepp in 1965?
What concepts of dance does the Horton technique of dance utilize?
Who is the oldest Selmon brother?
Between the two colleges, Illinois Institute of Technology and University of Salento, which offers more academic faculties?
What did the illustrator of more than 35 books, and wrote I Know an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly, win in 2000?
Were both Grand Bleu de Gascogne and Norwegian Elkhound found in Viking burial grounds?
Which tennis player won more Olympic gold medals: Johan Kriek or Gigi Fernández?
Miriam Margolyes and Hogwarts staff are both characters found in which film series?
Who started Penn Radio?
How many Deftones albums were released before their album released in 2000?
Are William S. Hart and Valie Export both video artists?
Are Comptonella and Quaqua in the same plant family?
Between Mikhail Kravchuk and Efim Zelmanov who wrote more articles on mathematics?
Which did Adrian Lyne direct that starred Louisanna Knop and used stylized light?
Leskinen won a bronze medal in the Women's Superpipe at what event that broadcasted on ESPN and ABC, primarily hosted by Sal Masekela and Todd Harris?
Are both "The BFG" and "Oliver Twist" fictional characters that involve orphan children?
Fine Young Cannibals and Shed Seven, are British?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Tori Amos or Shagrath?
What show is Gorgi Coghlan a co-host of that is produced by a company other than Roving Enterprises?
Which has more restaurants, Grimaldi's Pizzeria or Zpizza?
What manufacturing company in Kokomo Indiana prospered during the first world war?
What is the birthday of the writer of the game series whose first game was "Onikakushi-hen"?
Which genus contains more species, Asarina or Wigandia?
What is the full title of the governing body for Formula One and lower level of national motorsports including Italian Formula 4?
Carloman of Bavaria was the eldest grandson of what descendant of Charlemagne?
Who has written more books, Adrienne Barbeau or John Dolmayan?
What actor in the movie Chocolat is the grandson of Charlie Chaplin?
What is the name of a recent executive order that would be opposed by Blair Amani?
Which of the band artist Sleeping with Sirens or Augie March released more albums during their careers?
What was the population of the islands that Eyðgunn Samuelsen teaches about in April 2017?
What is the pulp and paper company based in Atlanta, Georgia, that hosted Big Thunder Ranch at Disneyland
What computer was developed first, the Matra or the Orao?
Are Thyme and Cortaderia both aromatic plants?
Are both Jerome Robbins and K-Michel Parandi an American filmmaker?
Who released more solo albums, Brian Connolly or Jim Kerr?
When did the founder of Bang & Olufsen die?
In what year was the motorsport team that manufactured the Ligier JS4 founded?
Kansas City Bomber was produced by what American media company?
Where is the company who released Uno for Game Boy Color headquartered?
Are Chris Wedge and Gary Sherman both co-founders of Blue Sky Studios?
What is the population of the city where Merle Sande help found an Infectious Diseases Institute ?
What nationality does the person with a notable victory over "The Chief" have?
Robin Lord Taylor directed a film starring what Glee actress?
Which event began first, the Western Allied invasion of Germany or the Battle of Aachen?
Are Rocky Shades and Coko both from the United States?
Who is more popular among Martin Flavin and William March ?
When was the leader of the Movement of National Antifascist Unity born?
The song "Run" by Anothony Smith & Tony Lane and the song "Where Were You (When The World Stopped Turning)" were written to commemorate what events?
What was the Dutch name of the settlement that Jeremias van Rensselaer helped found?
Which airport is located closer to the equator, Greater Rochester International Airport or Flagstaff Pulliam Airport?
How many BAFTA awards has the writer of the sitcom pilot Mirrorball won?
Was the Elektor TV Games Computer sold before the Sharp Corporation sold it's Ever-Sharp mechanical pencil?
Do Robb Flynn and G.O. both play in the heavy metal band Machine Head?
Who has more titles, Leopold Lummerstorfer or Randal Kirk II?
A band that formed in 1996 and obtained a Grammy Award working with Jack Joseph Puig is fronted by what female singer?
What star of the film Vanadevatha won the Odakkuzhal Award?
Are Hassan al-Banna and Abu Yusuf both Egyptian schoolteachers?
Are Quito and Røros both capitals of countries?
Q1: Which tennis player has won more ranked matches, Svetlana Kuznetsova or Julien Benneteau? A1: Svetlana Kuznetsova
What vocalist born in 1969 helped release the debut album "Dropbox"?
2011–12 FC Schalke 04 season's top scorer is known by what nickname?
Ida Roland was born in a municipality that lies on the shores of which lake ?
What brand of culture do American actor Joe Manganiello and Armenian songwriter Shavo Odadjian belong?
In what year was the album that TISM referenced released?
Between Mianyang and Shangluo, which one is the larger prefecture-level city?
Who has been in more bands, Babyface or Craig Mabbitt?
Are Hemigraphis and Alternanthera plants in the family Acanthaceae?
Did Down and Out in America or Lost in La Mancha win more awards?
Were "The Rape of Europa" and "Leading to War" documentary both composed by the same author?
Who was the director of the movie of 2006 in which the song "Make You Mine" was the title music?
What pageant did Halima Aden win
Which genus has over 750 species, Indigofera or Eriophyllum?
Erich Raeder and Karl Dönitz both reached what rank in the German Navy?
In what century did Olaf Geirstad-Alf and Halfdan the Black live in?
Are Shin Hye-sung and Stza from the same country?
When was the Connecticuit Agricutural College founded?
What's Mary Alice's nationality, as well as the nationality of the person she plays in Catfish in Black Bean Sauce?
which mountain is higher, Kabru or Manaslu?
For which French king did Nicolas Bergier serve as an advisor in the 17th century?
Where were the Aztecs located?
What do both Lincoln Steffens and Tom Clancy have in common?
Which comic fantasy book series is A Tourist Guide To Lancre the third book in
What is the profession shared by Philip Glass and Antonio Salieri
Jiaojiang District and Taichung, are located in which country?
The Psychopathography of Adolf Hitler has been diagnosed by which founder of the William Allison White Institute of Psychiatry?
Are John Scagliotti and Alice Guy-Blaché both radio broadcasters?
Whose homeland is geographically farther north, Tom Robinson or Ihsahn?
For Those Who Think Young features what American comedian, voice artist, actor and TV personality, born in 1982?
What was the official title of the wife of the leader who was born in 1863 and died in 1914?
Do both Königskinder and The Knot Garden exist in multiple versions?
The Minneapolis-St. Paul Airport Trams and the airport also known as World Chamberlain Field were both constructed by whom?
Who has released more albums, Seven Mary Three or Madina Lake?
Who passed away first Robert Poley or Christopher Marlowe ?
Who developed the video games UFC 2009 Undisputed and UFC Undisputed 2010?
What kind of music do Silverstein and Toad the Wet Sprocket play?
Which is closer to Carlsbad, Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport and McClellan–Palomar Airport?
What does Michael Schneider, Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, and Georg Philipp Telemann have in common?
Of Saint Peterborough Cathedral and Lancaster Cathedral, which is dedicated to more saints?
Who had more of an influence on Spanish literature, Jonathan Kellerman or Rubén Darío?
who has had more members, Cocteau Twins or Headstones
What name did Patrick Keeler's The Racounteurs use in Australia?
The 15th and 18th top scorers of all time in Liga I are from which country?
Are Billings Logan International Airport and Lanai Airport both located in the US?
Which U.S. Army specialist convicted in the Abu Ghraib scandal was born in 1968?
Q. Who has directed more films, John Carl Buechler or Clarence G. Badger? A. Clarence G. Bagder
Barley wine is a style of dark beer from what country?
Who has more musicals to be known for, Gordon Gano or James Dewar?
Are Androlepis and Corymbia in the same botanical family?
Where is the rental car company, for which Pamela Nicholson is President and Chief Executive Officer, headquartered?
Which pizza restuarant was started furthest north in the states Snappy Tomato Pizza or Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana?
Did James A. Michener publish books under a different name like John Griffith Chaney did as Jack London?
What was the nationality of the painter, sculptor, writer and musician that was known for publishing theories and artist books as well as a collection of poems?
Are both Paul L. Stein and Alexandre Rockwell involved in the film industry?
Who has written a novel most recently, Thomas Wolfe or Michael Frayn?
which university has the highest number of graduated students University of Texas at Austin or Minnesota State University, Mankato
McCarran International Airport and Niagara Falls International Airport, are located in which country?
Which tennis player Anna-Lena Grönefeld or Mats Wilander turned professional first ?
The Sukhoi/HAL Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft is a derivative of another Russian plane thats international name is what?
Was British barrister and detective story writer Sarah Caudwell or American writer Laurie Colwin known for her portrayals of New York society and food columns?
Which street crosses the public square named Tarntanyagga?
What does Stephen Colbert presidential campaign, 2008 and Aragorn have in common?
The Ricky Williams trade was instigated by which coach who became a color commentator?
What Attorney General, born in 1880 in Massachusetts, served under the President who signed the Kansas-Nebraska Act, and who is generally regarded by historians to be among the worst of US Presidents?
What is the Dutch name for a team that Timothy Fosu-Mensah is on loan from?
Name one of the academic specialties of Leo Derocher.
What is the largest city on the Caspian Sea and of the Caucasus region, has a railway line in the station in a settlement in the municipality of Nakhchivan in Nakhchivan City, Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan?
Which waterway, the New Orleans Outfall Canals or the Corpus Christi Ship Channel, is closer to the city of El Paso?
Who was born first, Ibn Taymiyyah or Mimar Sinan?
Which two-hour programming block geared toward older audiences was originally hosted by Nick Cannon?
Bernardus Maria Ignatius was born in what city that is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands?
Who is more well-known, B. Traven or Alan Sillitoe?
Which has more people, Tumen, Jilin or Xiangcheng City?
Gay Talese and Gerhart Hauptmann are both what?
Who died at the oldest age, Ellen Heaton or John Ruskin?
The Treaty of Prairie du Chien may refer to any of several treaties made between the United States and representatives from the native american people who called themselves what?
What is the nickname of the international team that used Fujieda Sports Complex Park as a 2002 FIFA World Cup training camp ?
Hotpoint Electric Heating Company bought European rights to a company headquartered where?
What film directed by Don Mancini has the main character of a murderous doll and is the fourth installment in its francise?
Who won more Academy Awards Robert Ellis or Kevin Costner ?
Which university has more schools under it's University System, Duke University or the University of Minnesota?
When was a Major League Baseball player nicknamed "Pudge" voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame?
"Coming Back to Life" is a song from Pink Floyd's 1994 album "The Division Bell", and is credited solely to which English guitarist, singer and songwriter best known as a longtime member of the progressive rock band Pink Floyd?
Whose films became famous earlier, George King or Mira Nair?
What did the USarmy seargant and convicted drug trafficker that was believed to have been a major figure in smuggling heroin into the United States from Southeast Asia from about 1968 to 1975 deny about Frank Lucas?
What was the real name of the star of the 1963 film The Nutty Professor?
Which New York City building is taller, Random House Tower or One57?
Which genus contains more species, Dennstaedtia or Delairea?
Which king was never crowned and was the grandfather of Richard Woodville?
Tipuana and Antennaria can be found in which South American country?
Who is from farther west, Luna or Janet Gardner?
Which abandoned theme park was formerly called Jazzland?
Smitty is directed by an american actor born May 27, 1936 best known for what?
Name the British breed of domestic pig which shares its name with a village and parish on the edge of The Fens in Lincolnshire, England?
Are the "Odyssey" and "The Consul" fundamental to the modern Western canon?
The Acting Class is a 2000 American independent film who supporting cast included an American actor whose middle name was what?
Kenny Hall had a curacy in which town in County Tyrone?
Are Gary Lightbody and Dustin Kensrue from the same country?
Which was the first in their band to debut as a solo srtist, Maja Ivarsson or Lee Min-woo?
In the 1977 new wave band where Terry Farrelly was the lead drummer, what nationality was the lead vocalist?
Which of these breeds is now extinct and was never established, the Toy Bulldog or Wirehaired Vizsla?
What is featured on the British decimal twenty pence coin that in banner form is know as the "Royal Standard"?
Which daily newspaper founded in 1847 hosts Sidney Smith's comic strip "The Gumps"?
Which 1994 film starred actor Danny Trejo?
Who has more awards for their films, Hal Hartley or Alexander Payne?
Who directed the 2007 film The Hitcher starring the actress who portrayed Stacy Hamilton in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High"?
Do both Mirpur University of Science and Technology and Grand Valley State University have multiple campuses?
what does Wang Hui-ling and The Crossing have in common?
What day every year on 11 November marks the armistice signed between the Allies of World War I and Germany at Compiègne, France, it also coincides with an official United States public holiday, observed annually on November 11, that honors military veterans?
Which company has a headquarters that is located the farthest north, Godfather's Pizza or Chuck E. Cheese's?
Probe starred Hugh O'Brian and directed by whom?
Which Ohio-based regional bank holding company did Jerry Grundhofer leave Bank of America for?
What job do the writer of Lace Up and Waka Flocka Flame have in common?
Have both of these novelists, Booth Tarkington and Sarah Waters, won Pulitzer Prizes for Fiction?
Orange Order was founded by whom?
"This Time" is a song by American hardstyle producer Kayzo, released on March 24, 2017, by which Canadian record label, an independent record label based in Vancouver, British Columbia?
What countries do Jean-Loup Chrétien and Frank De Winne represent?
On September 12, 1958, Mark Shepherd witnessed the demonstration of the integrated circuit by Jack Kilby and what other individual?
Who received more Academy Award nominations Atom Egoyan or Enrique Carreras?
2017 FIFA Confederations Cup Group B included this national soccer team, a member of the Asian Football Confederation, which is nicknamed what?
Which style of dancing is Thomas Edward 'Tommy" Rall known for?
How many years into the Meiji Era did the Battle of Tabaruzaka take place?
Who patented the Benz Viktoria?
Who wrote and directed the 1998 British crime comedy film which starred Matthew Vaughn?
Gunnar Graarud starred in an opera from 1929-1937 known as what in german?
General Alfred Keller commanded Luftflotte 2 with a general nicknamed what by his troops?
What singer, born Inga DeCarlo Fung Marchand, performs Come Fly with Me?
Priceless includes production from a DJ who has worked with what artist whose first album was "Savage Dreams"?
Richard Siward resided at the castle just outside what Scottish town?
Which song from a self-titled album was featured in a 1965 film, starring Jon Voight and written by Waldo Salt?
What nationality is novelist Zadie Smith's husband?
Which activist, Christina Stead or René Char, was a committed Marxist?
Are Toshiko Koshijima and Guy Chadwick both responsible for writing the majority of their respective bands material?
What is the name of the Price is Right host who also the Miss USA pageant for twenty years?
Which park falls in more provinces, Cabañeros National Park or Teide National Park?
Who plays more musical instruments, Conrad Lant or Derek Hough?
According to the Blackfeet, where is the most sacred part of Glacier National Park located?
What year did the singer, who is a member of the nation and ethnic group that shares a common culture, history, ancestry and language, release her first studio album (in the language of her ethnic group)?
Something's Going On, is the sixteenth studio album by American country music artist Trace Adkins, it was released on March 31, 2017 via which American independent record label, based in Nashville, Tennessee?
In which arena did Thato Batshegi lose to Kenyan Nick Okoth in the gold medal match?
What computer program does MGM wireless provide to run on a mobile device?
Was Joe Gittleman or Mickey Thomas, both whom are known in America, was known by the name "The Bass Fiddleman"?
The Balmoral Furniture Company bombing was a paramilitary attack that took place on 11 December 1971 in Belfast, Northern Ireland, which Ulster loyalist paramilitary group, had carried out that bombing in Northern Ireland?
Are FPT University and Duke University in the same country?
Which documentary film, Monster Camp or Manson, was directed by a larger number of people?
Which plant has more species, Maianthemum or Diplolaena?
What company produced Tron 2.0 along with Tron: The Ghost in the Machine?
Which artist appeared in more movies, Pedro Sienna or Sergio Leone?
what does Taylor Swift videography and Picture to Burn have in common?
What did Deepti Bhatnagar play in her first film role?
Which regional airline owned by Delta Air Lines was originally named Express Airlines?
Which porn actress, born in 1980, starred in the movie Pirates in 2005?
Karty was a writer in the weekly magazine published in what Indian city?
When was the university of which Reed College is a part founded?
What was this Grammy award category originally called that Jay-Z's "Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life" won at the 1999 Grammy Awards?
Which eatery sell more variety of food, Gino's East or Bearno's?
Are Adrienne Barbeau and Robert Zildjian both singers?
Redcon-1 includes the co-producer who produced the American Hong Kong action comedy film released in what year?
When was the founder of Yakira, L.L.C. born?
The football club in which Terry Eades played for was founded in what year?
Who has worked on films in more countries, Marco Ferreri or Peter Faiman?
Who was the Slovenian player for the Suns team in 2000-01?
Which University has 5 Nobel laureates on their faculty, Rockefeller University or Virginia Commonwealth University?
TKB-408 was a precursor to which heavily-modified Kalashnikov rifle as selected by the Red Army?
What month does Reloaded and The Sims 3 have in common?
Which mountain is higher, Distaghil Sar or Batura Sar ?
What 45th head of state and head of government of the United States, is associated with a parish church of the Episcopal Diocese of New York?
Which famous American actor appears in Chappie, directed by Trent Opaloch?
Which lasted longer, the Second Battle of the Marne or the Battle of Belleau Wood?
Who created the record company that released the Strokes' debut studio album?
Who was born first, Jimmie Ross or Chris Daughtry?
What company published Bop magazine?
What had four separate designs and replaced The PowerBook and iBook lines?
Granite Peak is 12 miles north of what place where the last mining operation closed in 1990?
What cocktail has more alcohol, the Apple-Kneel or the Corpse Reviver?
In which year wast the historic Alabama district that is home to the federally owned corporation pushed by the efforts of Senator George W. Norris founded?
Witch mountain is closer to Mount Everest, Baintha Brakk or Nuptse?
What hit single spent seven weeks on top of the Billboard 100 and was featured on the album "12 Inches of Snow"?
Charlie Simpson and Yang Seung-ho are both in musical groups consistiing entirely of which sex?
What countries are bordered by the second largest mountain range in Europe?
What aerospace, defense company produces the Selectable Lightweight Attack Munition?
Where was the Belmont Mast and Skelton Transmitting Station based?
Which newspaper is located in the city known as the "nest of snakes"?
Are the Polish Lowland Sheepdog and the Cursinu both native to Europe?
What year did the Alliance Theatre stage its production of the semi-opera in five acts with music by Henry Purcell?
Who is the great-great-great-grandson of John Lok?
Does Summer Wars or Astro Boy use more American's as the voice actors?
What was the english name of the song that launched the carrer of Nena?
Who has had more band members, Babes in Toyland or Something Corporate?
Who is the showrunner for a show based on David Haller that is produced by a company owned by Rupert Murdoch?
Jennifer Teege's father was the cammandant of what concentration camp?
What is the nationality of the professional basketball player for the Atlanta Hawks who played alongside Jahil Okafor and Tyus Jones in 2014–15 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team?
Beyond Our Ken and High Paddock were connected though what?
Which Mountain is closer to Afghanistan Kabru or Gasherbrum IV ?
Which artist was born first, Herbert Selpin or Andrea Sisson?
What river flows through 9 counties in states in the U.S. and is also a tributary to the Swannanoa River?
Who was born later, Dumitru Prunariu or Patrick Baudry?
The Ireland-Gardiner Farm is located in what Long Island census-designated place?
Which team did the free-kick specialist assist in winning the Champions League?
What is the former name of the house named after a prominent philanthropist?
What is the country in which Stuart Blacker taught at a Grammer School?
Which actrice starred in a 2002 film about the daughter of Laura Ingalls Wilder?
Who won more awards, Wong Ka Kui or Kristoffer Rygg?
Latania and Arundina are types of flora that are native to which ocean?
Which city, Yixing or Shangqiu, has a larger population?
Kim Jung-ah and Brett Hestla both work under which profession?
Who directed the comedy written by the duo known as "Franken & Davis"?
where was the Bengali Indian musician which Arup Chattopadhyay has performances with born
Who died first, Cindy Baer or Ingmar Bergman?
How are Obregonia and Trichodiadema different from each other?
Which building has more apartments, Park Row Building and 432 Park Avenue?
Who had more international renown, Arnel Pineda or Darius Rucker?
Who directed more films, Jean Epstein or Felix Basch?
What is the birth date of the player who played for the Independence Yankees in 1994, and also with the New York Yankees?
Bronco was a program that starred an officer who met which American outlaw in one episodes?
Which movie released in released in the United States on October 3, 1955 is part of the Albert Argyle trilogy?
Comparison between Dashboard Confessional and Escanaba Firing Line?
What year was the older brother of Jared Quay Campbell born?
What type of publication does Cobra Rock Boot Company and Garden & Gunhave in common?
Bluetown, Texas is across the border from what town in Mexico?
What American record producer produced The True False Identity album?
Which focused more on feminist issues, Nabil Ayouch or Agnès Varda?
SAF-TE was abbreviated from what?
The U.S. Navy admiral nicknamed "Slew" married who in 1965?
Ligat Ha'Al is sponsored by a betting pool that predicts the outcome of what events?
Which movie genre did both Alexandre Aja and Roy Andersson direct movies in?
Which program did the writer of Pot of Gold co-create ?
What kind of group does Madmen and DC Comics have in common?
Who published a book most recently, William Gaddis or Lyudmila Ulitskaya?
how is Solenostemon and Pseudocydonia connected?
Rose Mary Woods and Harry Robbins "Bob" Haldeman both had ties to President Richard Nixon, how long did Rose Mary Woods work for him?
Who was the former chairman of a Venezuela-owned American refiner?
What is the meaning of the name of the BAFTA-winning Charlotte Sieling film?
Who was a producer who produced albums for both rock bands Juke Karten and Thirty Seconds to Mars?
What was part of the Savanna Military Reservation was is now located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River?
Which other name is the crime The Black Mafia is accused of that involves a form of illegal gambling?
Which genus has a larger number of members when comparing between Gymnocladus and Mucuna?
Who was the founder of the company that manufactures agricultural,construction, forest machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment?
What game that was based on the cartoon series "Widget the World Watcher" was made for a 16-bit home video game console that was released in 1990?
Which country shares borders with Zambia, Angola, and Botswana and is the birthplace of Martin van Niekerk?
What is the name of the book written by Chet Bowers that explores parallels between modern physics and Eastern mysticism?
Which archipelago island nation is located southeast of Seychelles?
which musican has the greatest instrumental skill Matt Thiessen or Steve Marriott:
The Steven Soderbergh directed film about Liberace was nominated in the same award season as what comedy about a police precinct?
What prize created by a Swedish industrialist, inventor, and armaments manufactuer was awarded to SPUSA in 1995?
Richwood has a large festival every year for Allium tricoccum which they call what?
Were Katrina Leskanich and Andrew Wood ever married?
Is Hydrocotyle another name for Sideritis?
Which genus of plants has less species, Aphyllanthes or Furcraea?
Which political party did a military and political figure of the Cossack Hetmanate associate with?
Who distributed the movie that the actor born on October 30,1964 was in?
What is the acronym of the country's navy that was responsible for discovering Cape Sobral?
How many seasons did Gregory Allan Williams portray the role of Garner Ellerbee in Baywatch?
When was the founding chairman of New Macau Association born?
Which town along the B5300 road is 32 miles East of Carlisle?
What is the genre of the book series written by Kinley MacGregor?
Both Dødheimsgard and Avant-garde metal are both examples of what?
Which band was founded first, Knuckle Puck or Sponge Cola?
Which actor who won three Academy Awards acted in the 1998 conspiracy-thriller film Enemy of the State?
John William Friso is the most recent common ancestor of what
What footballer took over Lee Johnsons management position with Barnsley and Oldham Athletic?
This Jingle Bell Ball performer released his second studio album in 2009 entitled what?
Jim Steinman wrote the pop song "You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouth" for which longtime top-selling album?
Within the will of Walter Llewellyn Bullock, the books of which 14th century Italian poet were left to the University of Manchester?
Who directed more films, Sidney Morgan or Fabián Bielinsky?
Are James Ellroy and Saki both published writers ?
In what zip code would one find the Zion Episcopal Church?
Is Berea College of the University of Delaware further west?
What event measured a 5.6 on the Richter magnitude scale and led to the establishment of the New South Wales Urban Search and Rescue Task Force 1?
What type of aviation are the Jack Brooks Regional Airport and the Lake Charles Regional Airport used for?
Is Karjiang higher than Istor-o-Nal?
Who has one more Fields Medals, Vladimir Voevodsky or Aleksandr Lyapunov.?
The Anadarko Basin includes which gas field that takes its name from a town in Kansas?
In which war was George Fleps found guilty of War crimes?
What is the nickname of the Australian football team for which Len Mann played ?
When did the second deadliest disaster in Texas history occur?
Who was the leader of the Autobots voiced by?
Wells Cathedral School is a co-educational independent school located in Wells, Somerset, England, the school is one of the five specialist musical schools for school-age children in the United Kingdom, includes which specialist music school for children, located in the town of Bushey, in which south location?
Which sovereign state in the Lesser Antilles has a capital of Port Elizabeth?
Which career do Jaoru Kuroki and Ilona Staller share?
What is the nationality of the keeper for AK during the 2007 AIK Fotboll season?
Who has produced more magazines, Twist or Knucklebones?
Sirop de Liège is a jam most often made from the juice of pears or a fruit that belongs to what family?
When was the Austrian composer who composed The String Quartet No. 5 (D 68) in B-flat major born
Who is younger, Jamie Scott or Ella Henderson?
What kind of film making do René Clément and Elio Petri do
What is the name of the street where Big Top is located?
60 Wall Street and Tower 49, are located in Manhatten?
Which Russian actress, born July 28, 1969, starred in the film "Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears"?
What is the nickname of the poker player that has a WSOP bracelet?
Who sang All I Got is You, and is also Dennis Coles?
Which company has over 8000 employees, ONEOK or The Cooper Companies?
The Dragon's Triangle and the Bermuda Triangle share what name?
Hum Honorary Phenomenal Serial Award is given to which network founded by Sultana Siddiqui?
North Sydney Bus Depot is operated by the agency of the government of what Australian state?
What was Stratosphere Las Vegas located at 2200 South Las Vegas formerly known as?
Inequality for All was a film presented by a man who served as Secretary of Labor under which President?
Did Neon Trees or Salt have a hit single first?
Which rapper from Houston, Texas was produced by Axident?
What army depot that is a logistics center for the United States Department of Defense is located near the Tobyhanna National Forest?
Q: Does Fuyang and Lincang border the same places.
Who has written more books, Robert Zildjian or Aram Haigaz?
Which rapper collaborated on the song "Dance with the Devil" with Felipe Andres Coronel?
Which Austin, Texas band has toured with more bands, Alpha Rev or Driver Friendly?
To what country did Iannis Xenakis flee in the same year that Mark Kidel was born?
Both Frankie Bridge and Sigurd Wongraven are considered what profession?
Cerbera manghas is a genus of plants as opposed to Securinega which is a what?
Which former Mavericks player now serves as a color analyst for the Mavericks' radio broadcast?
Who starred in more movies between A. Edward Sutherland and Ulli Lommel?
What is the year of the event which occured first, Circus World was produced, or Rita Hayworth was born?
What song by Eminem about disposing his wife's dead body was covered in 2001 by Tori Amos?
Who was the brother of Tostig Godwinson that overthrew Gruffydd, Rhiwallon, and Bleddyn?
Between Beware of Darkness and Volcano Suns which band was formed first?
Which province or subdivision has a higher population, Ordos City or Deyang?
What type of media does and have in common?
Who was the English film director, Doug Langway or Ken Russell?
Which university has the most campuses, Southern New Hampshire University or University of Detroit Mercy?
Who was the mother of Jacob Edward Kohen?
Which Institute is closer to New York City, Rochester Institute of Technology or Florida Institute of Technology ?
The confucian academy, Dosan Seowan, located in the East Asian country bordered by China to the northwest and Russia to the northeast, was founded by two prominant Confucian scholars, one being known as Yi Yulgok. What was the "pen" name of the other founding scholar?
Which Italian composer was from the earliest time period, Giovanni Battista Pergolesi or Giacomo Puccini?
Which genus contains more species, Solanum or Coelia?
Have The Bluebells released more platinum-selling albums than Evermore?
Dianne Jackson is best known for an animation film based on a book by what author?
In regards to the actor who starred in the 1994 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Lau Kar-leung and Jackie Chan, when was he/she born?
Marina and the Diamonds and Moist, are Welsh?
Which Amercian Patriot and possible member of the Culper Spy Ring does Anna Strong portray on an AMC series?
Palladio was a composition for a string orchestra it was the work in three movements called concerto grosso or also called what?
Which of the following skyscrapers is 850 ft high, 500 ft shorter than the Empire State Building: 55 Water Street or 30 Rockefeller Plaza?
Which writer of Wish Upon was born in 1997?
Who has appeared on Reality Television more times, Dan Haseltine or Kang Seung-yoon?
Hyposmocoma fulvogriesa is endemic to Kauai, which is also know as what?
What do Presbyterian University College and Baylor University have in common
Which plant is found on an island, Andersonia or Baptisia?
Which dog has a larger size, Chow Chow or Lakeland Terrier?
The Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant is located in a town that was originally called what?
What city was founded by a Greek hero and is located on the Mediterranean Sea?
Which college offers more majors, Western Institute of Technology or University of Maryland, College Park?
Maurandya and Matteuccia, both are located in this country?
What is the born name of guitarist (formerly bassist) of the band, one of whose founding members is Chris Holmes?
Royal Crescent is a crescent-shaped terrace of houses has been placed on what?
Is Henry Schein the founder of "Keurig Green Mountain"?
What country is the bank that filed a lawsuit against WikiLeaks located in?
Are Verona and Happy Mondays both from Greater Manchester?
Which American former professional baseball left fielder is Bobby Bonds son
Who recorded "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" and started in Racing Blood?
Who was born in Seattle, Washington and headlined at Openair Frauenfeld?
Which hotel, the Palms Casino Resort or Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, has a recording studio and is located near the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino?
What film from the 2000s featured the actor who voiced olaf?
Facta Loquuntur was the first full length album ever released by a National Socialist black metal band sometimes called what?
What was the intended name of the magazine of Jane Pratt that was shut down in July 2007?
Which singer is younger, Black Francis or Makoto Koshinaka?
How far south is Didxsaj spoken?
What is the formal name of the party George Perry Mahoney was a candidate for?
In between Knut Hamsun and Marguerite Duras, who's film is "Hiroshima mon amour"?
Who logged more hours in space, James P. Bagian or Edward Avedisian
Udo Proksch was born in a city that had how many residents on 1 January 2017 ?
The 1994–95 Dallas Stars lost the use of which all-time American goals leader for 19 games ?
Are Drew Renaud and Mikael Salomon both editors ?
Which Earl was the Augustrus Legge, the Merton College graduate?
Which award winning South Korean singer released the song "Through the Night" in 2017?
Are Stockton Metropolitan Airport and Eagle County Regional Airport both joint civil-military airports?
USNS "Lone Jack" was a Type T2-SE-A1 tanker delivered to a company that its American headquarters in what area?
Are Jan Troell and Gene Nelson both directors?
What title does both Fabián Bielinsky and Murray Grigor hold in the film industry?
Which song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 was on the group's second studio album, "It Won't Be Soon Before Long," as well as the third studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna?
How long after the assasination of Gerry Hutch did the shoothing of his brother take place?
Anna Magdalena, is a 1998 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film, which stars Kelly Chen Ho, a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and actress, and has been referred to as a what?
Which is farther north, Gainesville Regional Airport or John F. Kennedy International Airport?
Between Indiana University and University of Washington, which institution has more campuses?
Which co-founder of Garmin Ltd. was born in Lenexa, Kansas and has a personal wealth estimated at $3 billion?
Which power generating plant is at Killingholme in north Lincolnshire, and powers Lindsey Oil Refinery?
What sports governing role has been fulfilled by both Helmut Käser and Stanley Rous?
What privately financed project was led my Andre Borscheberg, Bertrand Piccard, and Brian Jones?
What type of group does The Design Revolution and William A. Dembski have in common?
The University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma is funded by what system?
Which Republican House Representative was defeated by Thad Cochran for a Senate Chair in 2014?
The director of Young Captives film Irvin Kershner is from which country?
Which band formed first, Envy on the Coast or Skypilot?
The american actress Ann Wedgeworth starred in a film originally titled Dragonfly, what was the name changed to?
Between University of Wisconsin–Madison and Liberty University, which institution is larger in terms of types of degrees granted?
Which former athlete managed both Macabi Tel Aviv and Cruyff Football?
Golan Sipel an Israeli consultant is best known for his relationship with this man the 52nd governor of new jersey
Who has won more prizes, Giuseppe Ungaretti or Boris Pasternak?
What is the name of the home ground of Goku's football team?
where is the company situated which developed the game tetris ultimate?
Which plant has more species, Caralluma or Eucomis?
Unimog is a range of multi-purpose all-wheel drive medium trucks produced by what German manufacturer of motor vehicles that was founded in 1926?
What is the nationality of Ike Quartey and Andrew "The Eagle Murray"?
What type of plant are the Ceropegia and the Cassipourea?
Did Lloyd Corrigan or Percy Adlon begin working in films first?
Both Dariush Mehrjui and Paul W. S. Anderson are members of the Iranian Academy of the Arts?
Lisa Maree Keightley was born in a town that is how far from Sydney ?
Did Ken Davitian and Gokor Chivichyan star in "Borat"?
Both Bertrand Russell and Marshall McLuhan were philosophers during the same era, but did only Marshall McLuhan taught at the University of Cambridge.
Benedict Joseph Flaget, who was the Bishop of the Diocese of Louisville, served which Cathedral?
Girolamo Amaldi is a professor of what at the oldest university in continuous operation in Europe?
what is the nickname of the sea monster that lives at TenMile Point, British Columbia?
In the movie The Berlin File, Kim Sung-hoon stars as an agent for what country?
Which basketball player drafted by the Denver Nuggets in the 2003 NBA draft is a member of the hypothetical Banana Boa Team?
In which villiage located in Schodack in Rensselaer County, New York was James Lawrence Hogeboom born?
Are Fitness and VIBE Vixen both focused on nutrition?
The Port of Washington is located in what densely populated neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts?
Are both Junta and Carrom commonly played by children?
What company had an aviation business arrangement where two or more airlines share the same flight on flight LH2420
What company did Disney acquire in 1989 that had property where they proposed the amusement park DisneySea?
Are Linqing and Meishan both prefecture-level cities?
What shopping mall includes a store that was founded by Karl Anderson Jr.?
What is the other name for this United States Army installation located in North Central Kansas, on the Kansas River in which James Jabara served as an aviation cadet?
Who has released more solo albums, Win Butler or Skye Edwards?
Were both Max Green and Cherie Currie females?
Which of these was active first in the movie and filmmaking business, Rob Zombie or Frank R. Strayer?
Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N. and Frozen had a common producer, who was it?
Which Norwegian theatre award is named after a 1891 play?
Which airport is closer to Mexico, Lake Charles Regional Airport or George Bush Intercontinental Airport?
Which is farther north, 50 Hudson Yards or 8 Spruce Street
Q1 What’s the nickname of the star in the movie
Who was born first Jimmy "Duck" Holmes or Skip James ?
Who was the American real estate heir murdered in the New Orleans Marriot?
To which mountain range belong both Istor-o-Nal in the Hindu Kush and Mount Everest in Nepal and Tibet?
What is the nickname of the snooker player who was defeated by John Higgins in the 2004 British Open snooker tournament?
Clive Farahar is one of approximately how many people employed by BBC?
Which University was founded first University of Chicago or New York University ?
Steven Spielberg and Bill Bixby are both actors and directors, is this true?
The actress of Julie Mora Cooper Hovath played which role in the sitom One Day at a Time?
Tha Pataudi trophy is named after a cricket player born in which year ?
What was the original name of the hotel which was the site of Robert F. Kennedy's speech "On the Mindless Menace of Violence" on April 5, 1968?
What nonprofit did a Korean-American who, in 2003, moved to the China-North Korea border become the founder of , that is being developed into a film starring an actor known for his roles as Jin-Soo Kwon in "Lost" ?
which had more producers, Waking Sleeping Beauty or The Million Dollar Duck
Which rock band was formed more recently Said the Whale or Butthole Surfers?
Are Jeff Scott Soto and Petri Lindroos both members of Ensiferum?
Who draws more shoppers, the Grand Bazaar, Istanbul or the Walled Obelisk?
What sporting event happened in the summer of 1924 where Australia competed.
7/7 Ripple Effect is a 57-minute homemade film produced and narrated under the pseudonym "Muad'Dib", the film disputes the official account of the 7 July 2005 London bombings (also known as 7/7), a terrorist attack on public transport in Central London, by four suicide bombers, including Germaine Maurice Lindsay, also known as Abdullah Shaheed Jamal, was one of the four terrorists who detonated bombs, on how many trains?
What is the nickname of the public figure who's attorney used a Chewbacca defense in his murder trial?
Devon Energy and Molson Coors Brewing Company,have headquarters in which county?
Susan Ofori-Atta was the first to earn a degree in what track based on essential skills?
What is the nickname of the Hawaiian island that houses the Hyposmocoma chilonella moth and the state capital, Honolulu?
What is the subtitle of the opera conducted by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov at Novaya Opera?
What airline is headquarted in Vientiane and opened in 2015?
What is the middle name of the actor who played Jane Hathaway on the CBS television series, that had a made-for-television done in 1981?
Plop! and Texas Monthly, are which form of publication?
Tiny Moore and James Robert Wills played together in what band?
What do Cistus and Kohleria have in common?
What song was the theme song for the television drama series One Tree Hill and was from Gavin DeGraw's 2003 album?
What University located in Richmond, Virginia did Shawn Gallant attend?
Who built the both the Union Church of Pocantico Hills and and Kykuit?
The third powered aircraft built by Samuel Franklin Cody was used by the British in which World War?
Which tennis player is from a country closer to New Zealand, Margaret Court or Max Mirnyi?
Between TISM and Starsailor, which group has more members?
What is the stage name of one of the actors in Beuty Knows No Pain?
Neil Norman Burger produced what film that starred Shailne Woodley and Theo James?
Are both the Kurī and the Beagle-Harrier dogs originating from France?
Who has directed more tv shows Doug Langway or David Trainer?
Which singer who appeared on The Jane Pickens Show was married to Debbie Reynolds?
The seat of Cardinal Timothy Dolan, what is the name of the landmark Roman Catholic building facing the Atlas statue opposite the Rockefeller Center?
Guo Jing was a character in the book The heavens word and dragon saber also known as what?
Is Welke Airport or George Bush Intercontinental Airport further south?
What do Sergei Bondarchuk and James Cruze have in common?
What year was the book released that was based on a 1964 American psychological thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock?
What was unusual about the venue of the 1957 European Cup Final and 2012 UEFA Champions League Final?
Who wants to help destroy the one ring?
Are Chamomile and Grevillea both daisy-like plants?
What American actress whose mother and sister are both country music singers starred in the drama film "Barry"?
Great Palace Mosaic Museum and Hirami Ahmet Pasha Mosque, have which city in common?
Contempo Magazine and Lindy's Sports are both what?
Who was loaned out by the "Les Blues?"
what album that had honky talk women on it and was the last week to feature Steven Tylor?
What was the 1920's stage name of the actress who starred with Ernst Reicher and Johannes Riemann in The Armoured Vault ?
MxO was billed as an official continuation of the storyline of a franshise created by film directors formerly known as what?
Are Charles Burnett and Frank R. Strayer both African-Americans?
Have both Benjamin Spock and Yaşar Kemal been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
In which DC Comic story did the character played by Teagan Croft in Titans first appear?
Who had a series called Trust centered around him and founded Getty Oil?
Arty collaborated with what Dutch born record producer?
Emasithandane has partnered with an organization started by the first black archbishop of what city?
What type of structures are the 80 South Street and the Manhattan West?
Who has more nominations for Nobel Prize in Literature, Paul Claudel or Robert E. Howard?
What is the current name of the classical ballet company in St. Petersburg, Russia, which employed Anna Johansson back before it's name was changed?
This song mentioned above is sung in what language?
Which host of Chopped was previously a carpenter on a TLC reality show?
Who is older, Tanya Seghatchian or Alexis Ohanian?
Which band split up first, Copeland or Elastica?
Wakefield Cathedral and Newport Cathedral, are in which country?
What Temporary English name is given to the structure near one of the busiest airports by passenger traffic in Europe?
Egg Banking is a former name of the building society that had headquarters in what city?
Are Cycad and Peperomia both seed plants?
What worldwide management consulting firm had someone on their board who was the co-founder of the Indian School of Business?
Who won the 1996 PPG Indy Car World Series and was also Rookie of the Year?
Between Chad Kroeger and Benjamin Burnley, who has written more for films?
What quarterback, born in 1082, was acquired by the Buffalo Bills in 2015?
Which magazine has published more issues: Ettelaat-e Banuvan or Family Circle?
Which airport serves more passengers annually Bishop International Airport or Lebanon Municipal Airport?
In what city is the team located that drafted Alexaner Sundstrom?
Who had a longer music career Stevie Ray Vaughan or Glenn Danzig?
When did the base where The 133d Air Refueling Squadron was formerly located close?
Who was successful at an earlier date, Elize Ryd or Roy Wood?
What is the name of this English naturalist, geologist and biologist who mentioned the French botanist, Henri Lecoq, 1859 in the preface of his book?
What city is the company that funds Tekzilla based in?
Cuautitlán and Greater Mexico City are both towns in what Metropolitan Area?
Gunnar Andersson and Jean-Pierre Papin both played football in what country?
Are Patrinia and the Musa acuminata varieties of Banana both plants noted for their long-lasting flowers?
Which Broadway revue was conceived by Ann Reinking and stars Renée Zellweger?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. founded a company headquartered where?
Shigeo Maruyama is a Japanese professor of mechanical engineering who has been published in a journal put out by Elsevier, which was established in what year?
Which band was formed first, Fake Problems or Sugar Ray?
What name did Dennis Cole go by in the 718 studio album by Theodore Unit?
Harvest Moon was written by which American actress?
What team finished third in the AFC South during the 88th regular NFL season?
What British company that operates the John Lewis department stores was founded by William Crabtree?
Are both of the music groups/artists Before Their Eyes and Beck signed to InVogue Records?
When was the residence of Scottish nobleman and politician Sir John Henderson FRSE FSA built?
Sheldon Adelson and Paul Steelman, were both involved in the building industry in what area?
Who is the owner of a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip on the site of the old Sands Hotel?
Which musical act was formed first, Beady Eye or Everlast?
What kind of organization does Charles Schwab Corporation and Jacobs Engineering Group have in common?
The lead singer for Seattle punk band The Gits sang with such conviction that the lyrics became what?
What type of novel was the 2008 British Comedy called How to Lose Friends & Alienate People?
What is the birthdate of this American film maker and entrepreneur, who was helped by Dennis Muren in 1976 to create the effects for "Star Wars"?
Which of Erich Schmidt-Leichner's cases later went on to have a film loosely made about it?
Which documentary is shorter in length The World Without US or Fighting Norway?
Which do you think is a more densely populated area Trump Palace Condominiums and Manhattan or Queens?
Did the Lehigh Canal or the Beaver and Erie Canal have more sections?
Of Norm Cash and Ted Williams, what year was the one who hit more home runs, born?
Another word for the language which the Antarctic base Malchior Base is associated.
What Superfund-listed site in Alaska is also a military airfield?
Which of the following dog breeds is smaller: Canadian Eskimo Dog or Bolognese?
What is the original name of Sam Waltons store>
Courtney Love and Peter Bjorn and John, have which mutual occupation?
What trap beat artist co-wrote and produced Pour It Up?
What's the name of the famous big wave break at Peahi, Hawaii, associated with Australian surer Jeff Rowley?
Tom Kenny voice casted in Meet the Robinsons and also voice casted in what long-running kid's TV series?
What performing arts centre is located in Change Alley, Singapore?
Are Nymphaea and Acaena both types of hardy plants?
Which band The Hives or The Heavy was formed first ?
In what year did Willie Williams set the 100 metres world record that was recorded by the International Association of Athletics Federations?
Are both Babes in Toyland and White Fang based on novels?
who was one of the chairs on the Rate project?
Where is the headquarters for the Ustream company partner that is currently owned by William Morris Endeavor and Silver Lake Partners?
What were the nicknames of the mafia family that Jimmy Blue Eyes came from?
Which author has used more pseudonyms, W. E. B. Griffin or Piers Anthony?
What state is part of Tornado Alley and where Mike McShaffry graduated college?
Which is known as a educational music institution and had Maria Szraiber as pianist teacher?
What house did the director of "On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians" frequent?
What sport did Emmanuel Adebayor play?
What is the name of the uptempo blues rock song written and recorded my Bonnie Bramlett's husband?
Are Fuding and Wuwei, Gansu both Asian Cities?
Who was a famous Jewish artist?
what was the number of Tongan athletes that competed between after 2008 in 2011 commonwealth Youth Games?
What is the name of the graphic designer who worked with Nickelback, A perfect circle and also created promo materials for a 2005 Christopher Nolan film?
Yes or No: Both Audre Lorde and Marshall McLuhan spent time in the United States.
Are Holland's Magazine and Darling both quarterly magazines?
What perfume line released the perfume with the tagline "Bad feels so good"?
Which poet published their debut work later in life, John Millington Synge or Harriet Doerr?
What barrier spit in New Jersey is also a part of the Waquoit Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve?
El Americano: The Movie produced by the Productions of which American actor and director born on February 24, 1947?
What city in Texas contains North East mall and, in the past, also hosted North Hills mall?
Which director wrote more plays, Sacha Guitry or Russell Mulcahy?
Kim Cattrall stared in which persons directorial debut in 2016?
What is the Times Higher Education ranking for the university where Geoffrey Samuel graduated?
The interchange previously known as Modbury Interchange has how many carparks?
What disorder did the song " You're Only Human" refer too?
Which American actress, dancer, and choreographer starred in Mac and Me
What building was built earlier, Manhattan Life Insurance Building or 15 Penn Plaza?
Who was the wife of the eldest son of the eldest grandchild of the British Queen Victoria?
What is Gloria's boyfriend's real name on the show The Simpsons?
Ewen Page is editor in chief of the magazine owned by what company?
Who was born first, Minoru Niihara or Luna?
What is the other name for the road which run through the Arcadia , Tennessee comunity and is one of the two principal routes used by colonial and early national era settlers to reach Kentucky from the East?
When was the third wife to William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke born?
Who was both a cast member on 'Fresh Meat' and also an American BMX Rider?
Which seinen manga featuring Kei Kurono, and Masaru Kato, did Hiroya Oku write?
What band does Billy J. Kramer and Brian Epstein have in common?
Tyrolean Airways was owned by an airline group that was one of the five founding members of an airline alliance formed in what year?
Judith Exner, was an American woman who claimed to be the mistress of U.S. president John F. Kennedy and Mafia leaders Sam Giancana and John "Handsome Johnny" Roselli, was an influential mobster for the Chicago Outfit who helped that organization control Hollywood and the Las Vegas Strip, and died on which date?
Which American rapper from Ronkonkoma has worked with record producer Rob Cavello?
Which airport is closer to Washington D.C., Washington Dulles International Airport or Gainesville Regional Airport?
The singer of "Re-Enlistment Blues" released a double LP album in 1985 with what other singer?
Which group Blind Melon or Cute Is What We Aim For was formed first ?
Davy Crockett and his son John Crockett are from which US state?
Which is the older shopping plaza: Latham Corners Shopping Center or Westgate Plaza?
What kind of group does Necrolust and Celtic Frost have in common?
"Sober" is a song recorded by a band that was on haitus in what year?
Who created the first alternative education program in a city in southern Otsego County, with a nickname of "City of the Hills."?
Which fictional character created by William Dozier, Julius Schwartz and Carmine Infatino portrays a transgender woman?
Solely based on the given paragraphs above which band has released more albums, Rammstein or Chiodos?
Who won the 1977 Grand Prix and was a British racing driver in the One world championship?
The Futures Wheel was invented at which graduate school in New Hampshire?
What type of club was the Hasty Pudding Club, founded by Charles Macomb Flandrau?
In what city is the organization that ranked Nicole Joseph #100 Woman based?
How is the film about a tabloid talk show host similar to the current real life talk show that debuted in 1991?
Chelyabinsk Airlines' former name meant what in Russian?
Which former professional tennis player had the highest individual ranking, Jim Grabb or Fabrice Santoro?
In which continent are both Jasione and Geranium native?
Who has been nominated for more Academy Awards, Fred Guiol or Rob Nilsson?
Where are the headquarters of one of the six largest companies in the world in 2016 that owns 15 percent of the shares in Abu Dhabi Gas Industries Limited?
Who has played in more bands Gaz Coombes or Harry Styles?
Which jet fighter is currently in service in the United States and is to replace the United States navy's F/A-18E/F Super Hornet?
Are Emory University and The University of Oklahoma both from the same region of the United States?
llitch Holdings and Fox Theatre are located where?
Did Claude Chabrol and Bertrand Blier both win Academy Awards for films they directed?
Fantasy Zone II: The Tears of Opa-Opa was released for the NES in what year?
What singer who won Best New Artist at the 2017 Grammy awards, has a second album that was released July 2017?
The Streak included a defeat of which color commentator and former wrestler in a handicap match?
Liezel Huber and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario, are both six time Grand Slam title winners of what sport?
For what team did Fred Davis play that went 38-match league season unbeaten?
Are Kaohsiung and Yinchuan both cities in Asia?
What was the video game mentioned in a Nintendo news and strategy magazine scheduled for USA release but canceled?
The studio which released the 2013 animated comedy film "Planes" is headquartered in which US State?
Which group was formed first, I Mother Earth or Cherub?
Which university has been established longer on its current site, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill or Princeton University?
Who both inflated the Florentine Republic and was born on May 3, 1496?
In the novels about Harry Potter and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, which movie has the first appearance of the main protagonist?
Where did the Young Pioneer Camp originate?
Which University has more locations, Carnegie Mellon University or the University of Texas System?
Which chain currently has more stores, Pietro's Pizza or Pizzeria Venti?
What is the genre that AllMusic defines as the "most abrasive and aggressive fusion of rock and electronic music" and is used in the fourth and final studio album by The Axis of Perdition?
Which album was produced by Tony Sheridan for Polydor Records?
Which co-founder of DreamWorks Studios directed two movies starring Pacharo Mzembe?
Out of Contra Costa Canal and Dundee Canal, which one is more east in the USA?
Which Disney film was made first, Treasure Island or Race to Witch Mountain?
Which Brazilian footballer born in 1976 played with Tony Bird?
Which band is new, Before Their Eyes or Matthew Good Band?
Who owned the online poker cardroom which has Victor Ramdin as a member?
Which star of "A River Runs Through It" uses a name other than their given first name in the credits?
Which capital and largest city of Poland. is Józef Padewski born in
Did Roger Spottiswoode ever direct a film with Dorothy Arzner?
Which continent were the Australian Shepherd and the West Highland White Terrier breeds' ancestors located in?
What number episode would one find the words "Blame it on the Alcohol" for a series made by fox, and directed by Kevin Tancharoen?
Which airport is closer to west Nebraska, Unalaska Airport or Central Nebraska Regional Airport?
What ballet was the last work of the composer of "La poupée de Nuremberg"?
Do both Kaiyuan, Liaoning and Runan County border Jilin?
What game can have more players, Ouija or Onyx?
What does Rainbow Collective highlight?
who has more entertainment prowell Pierre Bouvier:or Jello Biafra
Are singers Ken and Brett Scallions both members of a band?
Canadian singer Claire Elise Boucher who wrote the album "Art Angels" under what stage name?
Dayton's acquired the Chicago based company that later was acquired by what company in 2005?
Süleymaniye Mosque and Cathedral of the Holy Spirit are located where?
Who has more campuses, Northwestern University, or University of Missouri System?
What is another name for the Okahoma Memorial Stadium?
What other game created by Silver Age Sentinels is referred to by the acronym BESM?
Who has had more names, University of Texas at Austin or University of Greenwich?
In what year was Fallout 3 created?
Keyz has worked with what professional rapper?
Who was sometimes known as Sasha Razborov, Boris Trakhtenbrot or Alexander Razborov?
What American actor, producer, writer and director started his recurring role on "The Simpsons" in 1991?
Are James Glickenhaus and Dallas M. Fitzgerald both assocaited with silent films?
Betty Williams created the signature dish that consists of what principal ingredients?
What continent is predominately mentioned in the paragraphs above?
Which Musician is older Philip Labonte or Shin Hye-sung
What does the McMahon Services produce in Dry Creek, South Australia?
What category of academic qualification can be awarded at The Naval Postgraduate School operated by the United States Navy in Monterey, California and the private American research university, Lehigh University, located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and established by businessman Asa Packer?
The Roman commander Julius Ceasar referred to Germania as the vassal state ruled by who?
In what country does baechu originate?
What is the popular martial arts technique associated with Wing Chun Kung Fu with the abbreviation JKD?
Which is farther south, 45 Broad Street or 520 Park Avenue?
Whose home country is closer to France, Renáta Tomanová or Kathy Jordan?
Acraea obeira is a butterfly found in a landlocked country that takes its name from what king?
Copella and 50/50 are both soft drinks based in what part of the UK?
In what year did the person Janelle Monae portrayed in Hidden Figures become acting supervisor of the West Area Computers?
Which was built later, One World Trade Center or Latting Observatory?
Willawilla is part of a watercourse that drains in to an area known as what?
Which county that has Santiago Daniel Martinez Roa as a player is sometimes referred to as "Corazón de Sudamérica"?
When was the American for-profit college who Herman A. DeVry found, founded
What was the original name of the band that song "No Smokes" was used in an episode of the TV series "Clangers"?
Which video game published by Sega in 2001 was the sequel to a video game developed by Ys Net?
What cartridge was developed in 1910 and is currently used in the M2 machine gun?
What rugby team did Edward Kerwick play for which also plays its home matches at the Select Security Stadium?
Which University has ranked higher is 2017, University of New South Wales or University of Utah?
Who died first, Dieter Zorc or Michael Zorc?
When was the group of paintings by Bruno Armadio distributed?
Where is The Market: A Farm Fresh Supermarket's distributor located?
What nationality is the rock group that wrote the song "Free as a Bird"?
Who was born first, Anthony Boucher or Henry Webster Mudgett?
Brandy Wharf is situated where the B1205 crosses a tributary of what?
Cinderella and America's Heart and Soul, have which related organization in common?
Languages spoken in neighbouring countries, unlike Finnish language, are sometimes referred to as what?
What show does a retired Orlando Magic player, who missed the entire 2003-2004 season due to a knee injury, host?
Who is Gladys Louise Smith's husband, often confused with Charles R. Rogers?
Edward III of England is the central character in what Elizabethan play thought to be at least partly written by William Shakespeare and Thomas Kyd.
What country of origin does Zambo and Sambo have in common?
The Jewish Museum of Turkey and Kalenderhane Mosque were both the product of what empire?
What weekly newsmagazine is published in the capital and largest city of Peru?
Between Andrei Olhovskiy and Jelena Janković, who became a pro earlier?
In which German federal state was did Walter Schlesinger born?
Which University, Capitol Technology University or University of the Aegean, is located closer to Italy?
What rock band from Winnipeg, Manitoba formed in 1989 is associated with an abrasive, harsher, underground, non-commercialized style?
Hilary Duff starred in what teen sitcom?
What province is the birthplace of Abraham Bueno de Mesquita the captial of?
n which U.S. state would you find the Ariacomplex, originally branded CityCenter, that incorporates the Mandarin Hotel?
Which Russian opera singer with a basso profundo vocal range died April 12, 1938?
Which comes later: the day that Aden was born, or the day that IMG re-launched its men's division after its dismantling?
What dynasty united the authoritive books of Confucianism in China?
Which student of Plato was a traditional astrologer?
What type of Bourbon is manufactured at the Old Oscar Pepper Distillery by the Brown Forman Corporation?
Who has the highest scope of work in Philip José Farmer or Francis Ponge
Voest-Alpine Industrieanlagenbau began as a unit of which capital goods group based in Austria?
Which director has received more Academy Award nominations, Jaromil Jireš or Lee Daniels?
What was the famous gimmick of the WWE fighter and father of professional wrestler Erik Watts?
Which Disney movie had the voices of more movie stars, Frankenweenie or Piglet's Big Movie?
Which trademark symbol of Marquesan tattoos often serve to mark the boundaries of sacred or significant sites?
Which company, with stock symbol BHGE, merged with Summa Corporation in 1987?
Both Chat and New England Offering are magazines aimed at females?
In 1945, Pittsburgh Coal Company merged with what American energy company that is headquartered in Cecil Township, outside PIttsburgh, Pennsylvania?
Lynda Bird Johnson Robb has an elder brother who died in 2013, and he was ambassador to which European country?
Who received more Nobel Literature Prize nominations, Nikos Kazantzakis or Mario Puzo?
What was the alias of the member of the Spice Girls who was the subject of the song "Me Plus One"?
Who was the Pakistani People's Party founder died at the age of 87 via execution?
What is the name given to enrolled attendees of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines and Xinjiang University in China?
Who is the actor who appeared in the Hindi action movies "The Strongman Badal" and "Action Jackson"?
Cristopher J. Clancy, better known as Mike Clancy, was an American professional wrestler, sheriff and businessman, Clancy captured the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship and having feuds with Freddie Blassie, was an American professional wrestling villain and manager born in St. Louis, in which US state?
The artist who came out with GHV2 is referred to as "The Queen of..." what?
What sovereign state in Western Asia was the birth place of Emin Arslan?
Are Orontium and Cirsium both perennial plants?
What were this group of people referred to as ("Not Ready For what?) that Jon Lovitz was a member of from 1985 to 1990?
What was the population in 2016 of the city where Walter Fellows was born?
What is the abbreviation of the military entity the Saint Patrick's Battalion fought as?
What British magazine has featured Peter Hammill from the progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator?
What wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event had the theme song NYC?
In what European region did Rhoeo in Greek mythology live and do the Aphyllanthes grow?
Martin Elbourne had her first job here, what grade was the House listed as?
What is this award, for which Ethan Hawke was nominated four times, officially known as?
Starman is owned by what company that used to be known as HPY HTF?
What genus, Cupressus or Clianthus,has more species?
Where is the headquarters for the publisher of cd-rom today?
In between Seaweed and Lovehammers who were active throughout the 1990s?
Which university has more than one location, Stellenbosch University or Bahria University?
Which originates farther north, Sabueso Español or Australian Kelpie?
Were both Dashiell Hammett and John Lanchester married to Miranda Carter?
The 1844 ballet that Joseph Mazilier is noted for contained how many acts?
Which is farther north in New York, One57 or 45 Broad Street?
Which magazine came out first New Zealand Woman's Weekly or Ms. ?
Which American Author worked in more genres, Judy Blume or Philip José Farmer?
Who are the two brothers who founded Pizza Hut and were born in Wichita, Kansas?
Who has been shortlisted for the Booker Prize more times, Anita Desai or John Richardson?
Which documentary came first, "A Diary for Timothy" or "For Which We Stand"?
Robin Williamson's 1972 folk album is named after what natural resin and nativity gift?
Which song, written by John Lennon, utilizes an anchor point?
Which major station lies almost exactly 300 miles north of London on the West Coast Main Line?
What is the official name of the nation for which Jose Semedo plays football?
Who was first to make and release a musical album, The White Tie Affair or Lacey Sturm?
Derek St. Holmes and Max Bemis, are guitar players?
Which player was a better tennis player with his non-dominant hand, Jürgen Melzer or Albert Costa?
What is another name for the state in which the Organization of Yugoslav Nationalists promoted the creation of?
Are Sarcocapnos and Fuchsia both flowering plants?
Which child of Nissan Motorsport owner drove in the Australian Supercars Championship from 2017?
Were Miguel Delibes and Aldous Huxley from the same continent?
Porsche Automobil Holding SE was founded in 1931 by Ferdinand Porsche, best known for creating the first gasoline-electric hybrid vehicle known as what?
What city is adjacent to Newcastle?
Which band was formed first, Fun or Sugar?
What was the nationality of the man who pastored the church located at North Pearl and Orange streets in Albany, New York?
Where are the majority of Eastern Asian people located in the United Kingdom?
Who was the famous physicist in the memoir Einstein Wrote Back, who was born in Vienna in 1869?
Which presidential pet was born first, Socks Clinton, or Buddy?
What is the name of this regional intergovernmental organization and geopolitical union of nations in South Asia whose president is Padma Jyoti?
Central Suriname Nature Reserve and Quedlinburg, both have which heritage?
What is the stage name of Richard Colson Baker, the American rapper and actor from Cleveland, Ohio and with whom Derek Luh, the American hip-hop artist from Valencia has toured, who also has the acronym MGK?
Kwon Hyuk's single released in 2016 features what instrument?
Where was the university at which Magnus Brunner was educated located?
Who commands the mounted force of the United States today?
Tobyhanna National Forest was established with 20870 acres from part of a military reservation locted in what county?
Was Blink-182 or The Verve Pipe formed further east?
Who was the only actor to appear in leading roles in both The Hunt for Red October (rebooted in 2002 as The Sum of All Fears) and its sequel?
What is the name of the largest film production company of Hong Kong that produced "Return of the One-Armed Swordsman"?
What medal does this American former figure skater, whose story was parodied in National Lampoon's Attack of the 5 Ft. 2 In. Women, win in the 1992 Winter Olympics?
Who has more stage names, Simple Kid or Nic Nassuet?
Kofi Awoonor attended what university that was was originally an affiliate college of the University of London?
Kamala Chakravarty was married from 1967 to 1981 to a musician born in what year?
Crocosmia and Marjoram, are types of plants?
Kim Sung-su is a South Korean Film Director who is known mainly for a film that was released with two different names in Englosh-speaking countries in 2011?
Did John Dos Passos or Jane Smiley write a novel in 1992?
When was the coach of the 1986 Super Bowl champions born?
What is the nickname of the boxer who was offered to fight against Sergio Martinez in Atlantic City 2011?
What show did Margarita Ibrahimoff star in in 1999?
Which professional basketball player, nicknamed The Human Highlight Film, miss most of the 1991-92 MIDseason for a ruptured Achilles tendon?
Who was not born in the United States, Akim Tamiroff or Mark Hoplamazian?
What are the similarities between Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight and The Anderson Platoon documentaries?
What profession does Democracy and Latin Trade have in common?
James Adam Belushi starred in what 1996 American war drama film directed by Oliver Stone?
How many branches in 2014 did the financial institution that sponsors the AFL Rising Stars have?
The singer of the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 was from what country?
What team has been around for longer, Societa Sportiva Calcio Napoli or UEFA Champions League?
In what area is the soccer club that Kyle Altman last played for located?
Fast Lane was a 1987 game by a company from what country?
Is McGhee Tyson Airport or Bemidji Regional Airport further west?
What is the name of the man that works at Valve Corporation who created GMod?
What is the nickname of the driver who was replaced by Jenson Button and Kevin Magnussen?
What was the nationality of the director of the British joint-stock company founded in 1711?
What is the name of an American former professional wrestler that had a son, Eric Watts, who also followed in his footsteps?
What is the 2010 population of the county in which the Mound Bayou Public School District has it's headquarters?
Britannia Hotels includes what company that operates holiday parks in the UK?
Jimmy Zhingchak was a comic book published in collaboration with what broadcaster?
Who had been a rock band longer Rivermaya or Lit?
Rainy Day Records produced records for what drummer of the alternative rock band Garbage?
How many balloons were at the 86th birthday celebration of the film producer who holds the record for most Academy Awards earned by an individual?
Which is headquartered farther west, DXC Technology or Intuit?
Would the works of Alain-Fournier be included within the library planned by Edmund Wilson?
What former UFC middleweight champion born in 1984 did Edwin Dewees lost a fight to?
When was the solid body electric guitar introduced on which the Gibson Robot Guitar was based?
Peter Hugh Pocklington is an advocate of an economic system that is free from intervention by which party ?
who wrote hello, goodbye and i am the walrus?
Are both Dodecatheon and Bloomeria native to North America?
The Danske Bank Premiership was founded by whom?
What Irish rock band from Dublin formed in 1976 also participated in Folkways: The Original Vision in 1989 as a way to raise funds?
what is the real name of Alex Andreas's potrayal on satge of The Big Bopper?
Tahir Shah was a maker of?
What year was the World Cup won by the team captained by one of the five footballers to have reached over 100 caps for England?
Many Chinese newspapers headlined a scandal story during the Chinese new year known as what?
How many miles away is the Polipoli Spring State Recreation Area from the volcano that forms more than 75% of the Hawaiian Island of Maui?
Which mountain is taller, Tirich Mir or Shishapangma?
Which diceless role-playing game is a role-playing game is named for a legendary unbuilt castle in the Bavarian Alps?
"Sparks Fly" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her third studio album "Speak Now" (2010), Swift wrote the song when she was 16 years old, prior to the release of her debut single, in Tim McGraw, and first published song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, the song was written by which two people?
Of "Porgy and Bess" and "Norma", which was produced first?
Which publication has been published by a greater number of groups, House Beautiful or Smithsonian?
Which Middle Eastern country contains both the Church of St. Mary of Blachernae, and Galatasaray High School?
Where is the Company founded by Edwin Binney based in?
Who was born earlier Dario Argento or W. S. Van Dyke?
Who was the wife of the king of the Scots who was assassinated on 21 February 1437?
Are Sam Peckinpah and Seth Holt both film producers?
Are the Briard and Plott Hound both companion dogs?
What is the birth year of Bob golic's son?
What actor born on January 13, 1996 played in the movie The Heist?
Which brother of Francisco Rodríguez Araya is known for his ability to deliver pinpoint crosses?
Who has more books published, Dan Masterson or Robert Ludlum?
In what city does and airline with more than $1 billion in annual revenue have its headquarters?
Are both Sloulin Field International Airport and Provincetown Municipal Airport are public airports serving states in Eastern United States?
What specialty retailer of crafts and fabrics based in Baldwyn, Mississippi, United States was located in the Metcalf South Shopping Center in Overland Park, Kansas?
Are Landsford Canal and Orleans Canal both located in southern states?
Which film directed by Yoon Je-Kyoon has been compared to a 1999 American teen sex comedy film?
What year was the school where Robert Wentworth Little was secretary instituted in?
Who founded their band first, Bob Marley or Damian Kulash?
Are both Chaz Bono and Colton Ford singers?
Which is farther north, Boston University or Florida Institute of Technology?
Where does Agostino Di Barolomei's football team play?
What nomination did the album by Kevin Sharp received for the 1997 Grammy Award?
In what state did the guitarist whose guitar The Demon V was based on die?
What station is near "The Giant Egg"?
The Habbaniya is a part of the Baggara people whose name comes from what Arabic word?
What is the county in which Sierra-at-Tahoe is located?
What was Name Taken who included A member named Lawson?
Are Yangra and Labuche Kang part of the same mountain range , and if so what range?
Which singer's home country, Josh Ramsay or Daryl Braithwaite, is closer to India?
How many Academy Awards was the star of The Hangover Part II nimated for?
Are Kiki's Delivery Service and The Jungle Book both fantasy novels and films?
Which plant has more flower heads and comes in more colors, Safflower or Styphelia?
Key West International Airport and Block Island State Airport, are located in which country?
Traveler's Rest is a stopping point of the trail that has what elevation?
Olivia Olson was in the 2017 British romantic comedy that was directed by whom?
Molamenqing and Siguang Ri, are the name of mountains?
Qianzhousaurus was first mentioned in a journal published by which publishing group ?
"One Man Band" ceased publication when?
Of what origin is the TV presenter that Ben Devlin collaborated on Visual Voodoo from?
The Wall Street Tower and Solow Building are in what neighborhood of New York City?
Noshaq and Apsarasas Kangri, are mountains?
Which American film director, producer, screenwriter co-founded Troma Entertainment film studio, Lloyd Kaufman or Joseph Ruben?
This lady was wife to Ralph the Timid and Queen Consort of which three Countries?
Who represents the group sometimes considered Albanized Romani in the Assembly of Kosovo?
Josh Howard is a columnist for a magazine about what type of publication?
Which tennis player won more Olympic gold medals, Tony Roche or Marc Rosset?
Which player has played tennis longer, Luke Jensen or Zheng Jie?
Which magazine was released first, Fortune or Motor Trend?
Love Child is a 1982 biopic that stars what American actress who is best known for her role as Julie Cooper on the sitcom "One Day at a Time"?
Who started directing films first Hal Ashby or Oscar Apfel ?
How many goals did one of the players involved in the 19th minute foul in the Battle of the Buffet go on to score in their career?
Which woman's magazine has been around the longest, Flare or Woman's Day?
The actor that played Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens" stars in what European two-part film?
What term fits into the category genderqueer?
Who founded the central Spalding building that is a landmark on the fen tour?
Which documentary was filmed in the United States, A Story of Healing or The End of America?
Which athletics arena was coveted by three Premier League clubs before one from East London was selected to become its new tenant?
are Meuse-Argonne Offensive and Battle of Saipan in different countries
Which series of battle at the border between Austria-Hungary and Italy is also known as Tenth Battle of the Isonzo
Which mountain is higher, Broad Peak or Skyang Kangri?
Which musician involved in Christmas in Vienna VI died because of congestive heart failure?
Who was more left-wing in his activities, Bob Avakian or Larry Gagosian?
When was the luxury Italian vehicle manufacturer that is currently CEOed by Sergio Marchionne established?
The Orenda OE600 was created by a company from what country?
Which is longer, the Lake Washington Ship Canal or the Colorado River Aqueduct?
What Burbank California studio produced The Rugrats Movie?
Who was captured by a middle child in Treehouse of Horror III?
What residential suburb of Adelaide was founded in 1914 and has a population of 4,413?
In which city is the headquarters of Oath Inc. who owns and operates Yahoo!?
Which of the following had an original stage name of Slam Dunkworth: Dave King or Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly.?
The Nike advertising campaign "The Secret Tournament" features a football player as the tournament referee that has won how many Premier League titles?
Prior to the Scunthorpe Telegraph, the twon of Scunthorpe, England, was served by what daily British regional newspaper whose main area for distribution is in or around Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
What type of group does Company360 and Dun & Bradstreet have in common?
What political group did Batukeshwar Dutt and Bhagat Singh belong to?
Who is the daughter of arguably the most distinguished man of letters in English history?
Do the films Tar Creek and Rolling Papers have the same director?
Which historical play in Sanskrit was written by Dhundiraja?
Which writer has written more "New York Times" bestsellers, Terry Brooks or Truman Capote?
Which shopping mall is one of the tallest buildings in the Philippines?
When was the company that acquired Cogar Corporation founded?
Which DJ best known for his role in the 1970s Disco music scene held residence at the club Studio 54 which is currently a Broadway theatre?
When was the composer who wrote the music for Euryanthe born?
Who played college football for Oklahoma that was selected by the Buccaneers in the 2012 NFL Draft?
Are Miss Marple and The Barefoot Executive both fictional characters?
Can the Astragalus and the Onion be eaten?
A statue of Edward Snowden was placed in what 30.2 acre park that was formerly called Fort Putnam?
Are both Alan Mak and A. Edward Sutherland from the same continent?
Are John Dufresne and David Mamet both Pulitzer Prize winners?
Who played with the 1991–92 San Antonio Spurs and played college basketball at DePaul University?
Which has more species, Thunbergia or Eriostemon?
Did Isaac Brock and Dee Snider both play banjo?
John Cooper had his first head coaching duties at what private research university in Oklahoma?
Where was the main event of the World RX of Germany originally founded?
In which American reality television series airing on the History channel Koker and his staff follows as they restore and modify classic automobiles and motorcycles?
What was the series inspired by the appreciation of manual laborers that Wheat Field with Cypresses is a part of?
Were both Derek Walcott and Carson McCullers Nobel Prize winners?
For which police department did James David Rodriguez consult with in "Psych"?
What nationality do Wojciech Oczko and Stephen Bathory share?
Which mine was discovered first, Burwash Mine or Lupin Mine?
How many kilometers west of the capital of Kansas is the airport where the Dobi-III crashed in 1926?
Is Quad City International Airport or Harrisburg International Airport further west?
Which was released first, Frozen 2 or Gus?
Mairead's fictional name is which main character from the 2012 Disney Pixar film "Brave"?
What genre is the series speaking of?
Which winner of the 2016 Guild of Music Supervisors Awards was set in New York City during the early 1950s?
Who was the higher ranked player of the same sport: Sun Tiantian or Björn Borg?
Who has more notable job titles mentioned, Jean-Philippe Rameau or Giovanni Battista Pergolesi?
Which15th Chief Justice of the United States owns a Writing Competition
James Dodds McClelland was born in what city in Westchester County, New York, that is immediately to the north of what borough?
What was the simplified name of the organization founded by Glen Williams?
What is the character's name that Alistair Brammer and Hugh Jackman have both played in Les Miserables?
Who had more credits in the film, Mohsen Makhmalbaf or Murdock MacQuarrie?
Are the subjects of both The Blank Generation and The Ten-Year Lunch performers from New York?
Ceasair and Omnia are examples of what type of music?
Which TV show had an episode "Treehouse of Horror XVII" between September 23,2007 and May 18, 2008?
Which Greek Stoic philosopher mentioned two of the four subgroups of the Helvetians that failed in their migration attempt to Gaul?
Were both Grinnell College and University of Virginia founded in the 18th century?
Other than the Siege of Leningrad, what was the name of the battle in which the 291st Rifle Division fought until January of 1944?
Kangpenqing and Ultar, are mountains?
What actor who starred in more than 100 films starred along side Cherylene Lee in Kentucky Jones?
Which court case overturned more previous decisions, Ableman v. Booth or Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency?
Between Pepper Keenan and Harry Wayne Casey, who has worked with more artists?
Which had a greater length in film time, Unmistaken Child and Fighting Norway?
Helen Boatwright recorded the first album of songs by this composer born in what year?
Who is the son of the person who built the Mosquito warplane?
In what year did the American actor, voice actor, comedian and producer produce the thriller film Homegrown
Whom did Rosko Gee play with on their albums "When the Eagle Flies" (1974) and "The Last Great Traffic Jam" (2005)?
What British Singer Songwriter wrote a song called Save Me Save Me?
Which company designed and built the DAF 46 for DAF?
What year was the manga released for Makiko Futaki's first film?
Do both Libertia and Dypsis have seven species endemic to New Zealand?
The Netherlands Antilles now includes which plantation colony?
Are both The State University of New York at New Paltz and City College of New York located in New York City?
The 1988 FA Cup Final was the culmination of season number what of the Football League?
What are the three nicknames for Heisman Trophy winner and NFL QB, Roger Staubach?
The U.S. Repeating Arms Company is known for developing what kind of rifle action?
What is the name of the Taylor Swift album that has the song she premiered during the pre-show of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards?
Malubiting and Ngadi Chuli are both what?
What was the nickname of the Burnley football club in which Jonathon Woods played?
Which gas-operated (short-stroke gas piston) self-loading rifle with a rotating bolt is developed by the Tangodown company?
The football tournament that was won by Australia was held in what country?
Timberline High School has a mascot of which type of spear-armed soldier?
How many students does Delphi Community High School serve in Indiana?
What creek feeds or drains Paintsville Lake?
Which American Industrialist accumulated fourteen Rembrandt paintings in Southern California?
Which rock band was formed in England by David Coverdale and included guitarist Doug Aldrich and vocalist Keith St. John?
In the "Lost" episode "The Variable" Dr. Burke is being chased by whom?
What group owns 170 beer brands and employed artist Leo Beukeboom?
Which person became a band member earlier: Lee Donghae or Anthony Kiedis?
Who has starred in more musicals, Jo Kwon or Bada?
What kind of books does American author William Kennedy and French-Canadian author S. M. Stirling write?
The API type of ExtenXLS is also known as what in computer science jargon?
What television series created by Roger King gained Phil McGraw his celebrity status?
What type of machine, such as the Heathkit H8 which was originally sold in 1977, is required by the products created by Exidy from 1974 until 1986?
What American football running back for the New Orleans Saints was suspended in 2013 and 2014?
Which city is a Designit headquarters located in that is also the most populous city in the Nordic countries?
Are both the Bayezid II Mosque and the Eski Imaret Mosque intact?
New Zealand DSJ class locomotive was first assembled by what company that produced diversified products like information technology and communications equipment and systems, electronic components and materials, power systems, industrial and social infrastructure systems, consumer electronics, household appliances, medical equipment, office equipment, as well as lighting and logistics.?
Which leader singer plays more musical instruments, Matt Shultz or Paul Roberts?
Which game was released first, Twilight Struggle or Diplomacy?
Are both American Hairless Terrier and Northern Inuit Dog native to the same country?
Steffan Danielsen's city of birth is the capital and largest town of what group of islands?
Which city is rapper Kendrick Lamar, who has his albums produced by Nez & Rio, from?
Are both Parsley and Stangeria considered species in the classification system?
Which genus of plant contains more species, Coronilla or Fascicularia?
Who's compositions combine elements of alternative, dance, electronic, hip hop and world music who's second studio album features musical styles including dance music and makes extensive use of South Asian music such as that of the urumee, a drum used in gaana music native to Tamil Nadu, India?
What is the official nickname of the Fort Richardson which Manu Ginóbili belong?
Have Alice Walker and Halldór Laxness both won a Nobel Prize in Literature?
Cherif Guellal fought in a war between which two Belligerents ?
Avie Tevanian and Tanya Seghatchian were both vice presidents of what company?
Kevin Stanley Beeston is the Non-Executive Director of a British brewery that operates how many pubs in the UK ?
What is the other name for a subastance , when bound to various radionuclides, is used in the treatment and diagnosis of certain types of cancer, and is one of the 20 standard amino acids that are used by cells to synthesize proteins?
What is the forming year of this American indie rock band that formed in Stockton, California, and was produced by Nigel Godrich?
Does Psychopsis have more species than Androsace?
The 1958 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at a motor racing circuit built in what year?
Joe Orlando was the associate producer of a magazine founded in what year?
Which pizza company is located farther south in California, Pizza My Heart or Zpizza?
What was the birth name of the actress who co-starred with Fred Astaire in "Royal Wedding"?
Are Cristina Scabbia and Laura Stoica both composers?
What is the name of a 45-minute-long crossover episode dedicated in memory of Louis Castellaneta?
Which of the "Golden Three" composers was born October 28, 1825?
Who was the last coach before Bob Stoops to win a national championship for the Oklahoma Sooners?
Johnny Wilson was born Giovanni Panica on March 23, 1893 in Harlem, New York City, Wilson held the crown until he was outpointed over 15 rounds by the all-time great Harry Greb, was an American professional boxer, nicknamed what?
Which of these gymnasts is younger, Tim Daggett or Bart Conner?
Craig Staff has had his work displayed in which museum located in the westernmost city of the Florida Panhandle?
Who spent more time in prison, E. Howard Hunt or Alfred Bester?
Are Chernobyl Heart and Meet the Patels both documentaries about the same subject?
Something Wicked This Way Comes stars Jonathan Pryce, Diane Ladd, Pam Grier, and an actor that has won how many Academy Awards?
What humorous nicknames were given to the co-founder of the social media website Guest of a Guest and his twin brother?
Andreas Hallander was an architect in the time period that lasted during which years?
Are Noijin Kangsang and Gasherbrum II both tall mountains in Asia?
The character named Blisstina Utonium is part of an animated television series which airs on which network?
what is the best player from the strongest Mexican football side to compete in Copa Libertadores, is famously known as?
Are both Antonio B. Won Pat International Airport and Westchester County Airport served by international airlines?
ODB and Death From Above have which female wrestler in common?
Who is the older brother of the current captain of Hamburger SV in the German Bundesliga?
Which access layer device was used for the Vancouver 2010?
Are Martha Stewart Living and Pronto magazines published in the same language?
Which is farther north, Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport or Appleton International Airport?
Are Valley International Airport and Flagstaff Pulliam Airport both in the Southwest US?
Are Ihor Podolchak and Pamela B. Green both co-founders of Masoch Fund?
Which player was ranked higher during their tennis career, Mary Carillo or Petr Korda?
What is the name of the founder of the company that produced White Ox?
Igor Stravinsky and Richard Wagner were both influential composers in what era?
Which movie in a collaboration between Malcom X and Alex Haley also was nominated for an Oscar
Adolfo Diaz negotiated with Germany and Japan to resurrect what planned shipping route through Nicaragua to connect the Caribbean Sea (and therefore the Atlantic Ocean) with the Pacific Ocean?
Of what ancestry is John Dolmayan?
What county is Cyhi the Prince from?
When did the shopping centre which served as a model for Tsawwassen Mills open?
P. J. O'Rourke and N. Scott Momaday both changed history and earned many awards and degrees. Who had more degrees than the other, P.J. O
What Superdome was SuperBowl XLVI played at in New Orleans, LA?
What American librarian preceded Courtney Young as the ALA president?
What sport do both the 2013 Philadelphia Eagles season and LeSean McCoy have in common?
Which is from farther west, Moscow Watchdog or Shetland Sheepdog?
What's the name of the american composer, conductor and arranger who was also one of the producers of the Beach Boys'?
Which of the following groups is lead by vocalist Dan Smith: Circa Survive or Bastille?
Which music producer produced both "Once in a Lifetime" by the Talking Heads and "It's Alright" by Jay-Z and Memphis Bleek?
Jim Berger and Keith Buckley, both are American?
What type of language is spoken by people from Suriname?
Which of the two mines, Discovery Mine or Big Dan Mine, produced more gold?
The Inbetweeners 2 is a 2014 British comedy film and sequel to "The Inbetweeners Movie" (2011), a British coming-of-age comedy film based on the E4 sitcom "The Inbetweeners", written by series creators Damon Beesley and Iain Morris, and directed by who?
Is Orlando Sanford International Airport or East Texas Regional Airport further West?
What school is named after the Countess of Richmond and Derby?
What was the territorial capital of the territory opposing Ohio in the Toledo War?
Odin and Astron, are related to space?
Who is from farther east, Pan Anzi or Béla Tarr?
Who appeared in the most movies, Kirk Kerkorian or Val Avery?
What is an alternate name for a universal joint that is also the last name of an English natural philosopher, architect and polymath?
Which 1993 comedy stars a woman with the given name Caryn Elaine Johnson?
Which hospital has been operating longer, Providence Hospital or MedStar National Rehabilitation Hospital?
Shuanghe and Zhuozhou, are located in which country?
Who was born first out of Adam Levine and JB?
Which football coach surpassed Phil Bennett's record?
Karen Carpenter and Matt Berninger were both critically acclaimed for their contralto vocals?
The Bananarita and The Monkey Gland are both served on the rocks?
When was the castle where Michael Gottlieb is located built?
Who was President of Argentina when César Augusto Guzzetti became the first foreign minister of the military government?
In what county the city which New York State Route 443 ascends the Helderberg Escarpment (along with Berne) located?
Which movie has a performance by the daughter of Christina Harrison?
What award given yearly to expert Carnatic Musicians did D. K. Pattammal receive?
The Russian advance during the start of the Battle of Kostiuchnówka was also known as what?
Who was Mayor of Jackson predecessor's son?
Which band was formed first, Mayday Parade or Daniel Amos?
What did Edwin Brockholst Livingston's brother Philip sign?
In which city was Mother Seton House built for Elizabeth Ann Seton?
Who was Britain's oldest Prime Minister and lived in the Seaforth House built for his father?
Hafif Muzik was released by an American music company that was founded in 1929 as what?
Who released more singles, Janet Gardner or Lee Ji-hye?
Which English county is home of places with American-sounding names Boston and Eagle?
Who won more awards, Bob Woodward or Jane Gardam?
Who was born first, Halldór Laxness or Saki?
What country is home to both the group responsible for a 3 hour shootout with federal police and the Los Zetas cartel?
Which park is larger, Caldera de Taburiente National Park or Tablas de Daimiel National Park?
Are the Maremma Sheepdog and Can de Palleiro both shepherd dogs?
Which temporary track hosts V8 Supercars and has previously been a venue for the V8 Ute Racing Series and Australian Grand Prix?
What album did Metro Station release after the brother of Miley Cyrus returned to the band?
What is the name of the professional wrestler and promoter that co-promoted the WWE in the 1920s?
What is the real name of the man who produced the song released on February 6,2016 by Fetty Wap?
Where is the suburb of the racetrack which supplanted the Camden Motordome?
Who is from the country that is further east in Europe, Roberto Vittori or Helen Sharman?
My Big Fat Independent Movie's direction, Chris Gore, also directed which 1996 omedy-drama film about the lives of single, unemployed actors living on the 'eastside' of Hollywood, California during the 1990s swing revival?
Mike Figgis and John Korty won what type of award?
What country of origin does Strait of Dover and Dutch language have in common?
EuroGames is to Europe as Gay Games is to?
In which town of Maine, with a population of 7979 in the 2010 census, does the State Route 136 begin at the junction with US Route 1?
Which two actresses created and starred in WNYC Studio's first comedy podcast?
What music genre does Shoot Low Sheriff and Red Steagall both play?
Are the librettos in Hugh the Drover and Arabella both by composers from the same country?
What is the nickname of the city where the cigarette brand that sponsored the Benetton B194 prior to the 1994 Formula One season?
Which band was active longer, The Cramps or Blood Circus?
Which head coach of the Denver Broncos also won a Super Bowl?
What Gothic revival mansion in Scotland was designed by William Wilkins, and rebuilt in 1881 by the 5th Earl of Rosebery?
Who lived longer, Terrence Malick or Irving Pichel?
When was the club that won the 1979-80 UEFA Cup founded?
Dobi-III is the third and the last aircraft designed by Lithuanian aviator Jurgis Dobkevičius, on June 8, 1926 it crashed, killing its designer, at which International Airport, is the second-busiest civil airport in Lithuania after Vilnius Airport and the fourth-busiest in the Baltic states?
Who wrote more books that became films, Tracy Chevalier or Roland Barthes?
William Frederick Harris received the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism during the breakout in a battle that took place in which war ?
Mickaël-Méba Zeze broke the French Youth Record for the 200m dash formerly held by the first white man to break 10 seconds in the 100m, when he did so in what year?
What was the nickname of the younger brother in the Zerilli crime family?
Has Judy Blume or Sandra Dallas written more non fiction books?
Tom McAlpin was the president of the company that was incorporated in 1996 as what?
Did both Chernobyl Heart and Bridegroom win an award at the Academy Awards?
What football club was based in the capital of the Republican of Korea?
What was the name of the orca that killed Dawn Therese Brancheau and that's name is used for several SeaWorld shows?
What is the birth name of the actor that plays Wong Fei-hung in "Druken Master II"?
Whose career started first, Jimmie Ross or Dave Pirner?
Where was the film made by Satyajit Ray in 1951 filmed?
Are both Dietes and Azorina considered flowering plants?
What band made their debut in 1978 and is a member of the Evangelical Covenant Church?
Between Roddy Woomble and Paul Collins, who has had a more diverse career?
which city and an important business and cultural centre in northern Italy was Gleb Wataghin born in
What actor appearing in "The Doctor's Dilemma," died in 1979?
Which airport is further south, Aniak Airport or Jackson Hole Airport?
What are both Kurī and American Bulldog?
During what year was the incorporated town and deep water seaport founded?
Are Toni Morrison and Nicholas Christopher both professor emerita at Princeton University?
Which company has more direct relationships to end-users of their product, American Electric Power or Chesapeake Energy?
Which mountain is taller, Tongshanjiabu or Kanjut Sar?
Grosvenor is a surname derived from what member of a French Family that was also known as Hugh the French or Hugh the Wolf?
What do Yasunari Kawabata and Jonathan Kellerman both do?
In which city was the American Curler, Jason Smith born, and which is also know as "Waterfront Wonderland"?
Who among the American filmmakers Woody Allen and Jim Henson was also a musician?
Edward Caraballo was incarcerated in the detention facility that is the largest in Pakistan east of what city?
Who is of Lebanese descent, John Barth or Ann-Marie MacDonald?
Which celebrity is older, Tony Harnell or Faye?
Who produced the song "Pose" and "Antidote"?
Are Bee trees and Epigaea both hollow?
Which has more campuses, Emory University or the University of Texas System?
The actor that was in the films Love & Other Drugs and Adaptation also played what sitcom character?
Where is the person who created the Wicked Awesome Records label currently most highly sought after for work?
What country are Bap Kennedy and Van Morrison from?
What type of group does Lincoln by-election, 1973 and Democratic Labour have in common?
What country of origin does Yu Ying-shih and Asian studies have in common?
How many power generating dams are operated along the river that is accessed through the Hiwassee/Ocoee Scenic River State Park?
White is the birth name of the author of A Life Of Contrasts
Which region did the Sami flag belong to?
What is the name of a Las Vegas Resort, where Elvis Presley's Band once performing was also formally known as the International Hotel?
Which filmmaker most recently directed a film, Chris Columbus or Karel Reisz?
Ralph Elihu Becker, Sr., was an American Ambassador to Honduras from 1976–1977 under the Ford administration, and was a founding trustee of which performing arts center located on the Potomac River, adjacent to the Watergate complex in Washington, D.C.?
Who has more controverial works, Robert A. Heinlein or Jonathan Carroll?
Are Rithmomachy and Focus both difficult games to play?
What is the name of the sister of the Italian 2014 Olympic bronze medalist and a five-time European champion, who was Italy's flag bearer at the 2002 Winter Olympics?
Which operation, part of the Invasion of Normandy, was conducted by the fictitious allied army group to deceive the Germans about where the Allies would land in preparation for Operation Overlord?
What is the french term for the level of the mass rapid transit where riders can purchase their tickets?
What year did the American computer magazine that was published by the former International Data Corporation, debut in?
How many years after his death did the first film to portray the life of the First World War fighter pilot Manfred von Richthofen come out?
In what year did Shiv Dutt Upadhyaya begin to work for Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru?
John Willis, nicknamed Bac Guai John in Cantonese, or White Devil, is an American mobster linked with the Chinese Mafia, is also called which name, used by John Willis, nicknamed Bac Guai John in Cantonese, or White Devil, is an American mobster linked with the Chinese Mafia?
The line surrounding the Sambor Ghetto was established during which war?
What team defeated the New York Yankees and finished five games ahead of the Atlanta Braves in the 2003 World Series?
Did Diet Mountain Dew and Pepsi have different names before they were called Diet Mountain Dew and Pepsi ?
Tina Turner, the American-born singer of the live album Tina Live, obtained what citizenship in 2013?
Which former American football quarterback who earned a Super Bowl Ring with the Rams currently serves as an NFL on CBS sideline reporter alongside Jamie Erdahl and Greg Gumbel?
The Aboriginal and Islander Sports Hall of Fame recognizes people indigenous to Australia and what island?
Which English conductor worked for both the Halle Orchestra and Sergie Diaghilev's ballet company?
What was the population at the 2010 census of the village where St. Paul's Lutheran Church Historic District is located?
Who was the Calder Memorial Trophy winner that played in the 2017 NHL Staduim Series game the day after the 2017 NHL winter classic?
Martynas Andriuškevičius, is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, Andriuškevičius has noted perimeter skill for a player of his size, and has trained with Arvydas Sabonis, he spent how many seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in the United States?
What American aviator famous and wealthy from flying exhibitions used the airfield Sagus Field?
Are Aiphanes and Cymbalaria both spiny plants?
What was released to the public first, Magic Kingdom or Escape to Witch Mountain?
Who is current coach of the Hawkeyes at Iowa University, and a former NFL assistant coach?
Of what group is the character voiced by Marc Diraison the leader ?
Which building contains more square feet, 50 Hudson Yards or 15 Penn Plaza?
Hall Bartlett and Izu Ojukwu are what?
Which artist has a less static style Harry Everett Smith or Fritz Lang?
Which Australian suburb serves as the headquarters for the Mornington Peninsula Astronomical Society?
What city did Daniel Boone found near the junction of the U.S. states of Kentucky, Virginia, and Tennessee?
Do Cantabrian Water Dog and Stichelhaar help people with foraging?
Of Myles Goodwyn and Justin Timberlake, which started his musical career earlier?
Calloway Canal and Hillsboro Canal, are which type of man made waterway?
Sergei Stadler and a Russian conductor of Circassian origin performed in which Orchestra?
Which road linking London and Birkenhead is situated close to Bletchley?
Who worked for Scarface and is a suspect in the St. Valentine's Day Massacre?
What year did the guest star of the movie 'The Right of the People' with the birth name of Emanuel Cohen die?
Both Aladdin and Robin Hood were produced by what Company?
What year did the director of the family drama film, Two Brothers, begin an acting career?
Who published a book at a younger age, Harriet Doerr or John Fante?
What petroleum and natural gas exploration and pipeline company puts on the Star Spangled Salute?
What is the middle name of the co-founder of a doughnut chain named after a Canadian ice hockey player?
The younger brother of Gary Russell Jr. was voted what in 2011 by "Sports Illustrated" and ESPN?
Nora Roberts High noon is one of how many novels written by the bestselling author?
Ceratonia and Asphodelus, are a type of plant?
Do singers Rob Hyman and Kahi have the same nationality?
Who was born first Carl Sandburg or Lawrence Durrell?
Both Wynn Resorts and Wynn Macau share who as their CEO?
In which city did the brother of Karan Kapoor run the Prithvi Theatre?
Are Adunis and Jonathan Kellerman both psychologists?
Which has the highest peak, Sunanda Devi, India's second highest mountain, or Khartaphu?
Which award did the Jaleel Ahmad White who starred in Muriel Resnik's 1966 homonymous film collected
What district did the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma represent in Congress?
Five states lie above the Florida Acquifer; which three states are NOT endemic to the Dougherty Plain cave crayfish?
Are both Jon Anderson and Boots Riley from the same county ?
In 89th season of The Football League, which teams were in the FA Cup Final?
Chester Cup is held at the racecourse also known by what name?
When was the pilot episode aired on the series in which Brooklyn band Cheeseburger scored music?
What is the name of the first fully musical episode of the animated television series about a boy who lives in the fictional town of Beach City with the "Crystal Gems"?
In the 19th century opera composer Leo Slezak and the infamous Mozart originated from which European country?
Bebe Rexha and Eminem are both what?
Who used the Reece-Fish carburettor?
Who has been nominated for more Academy Awards, Stephen Gurewitz or Frank Darabont?
are Róisín Murphy and Leo both nationals of the same country ?
Was Alice Through the Looking Glass made by the same company as The Monkey's Uncle?
Who won more major literary awards, Paul Éluard or William Styron?
Arsenal won the 2015 FA Cup 4-0. Three of the four internationals who scored that day have since left the club. Which one is still with Arsenal?
Which pre-Columbian archaeological site in Oaxaca is better-known but smaller than the archaeological site San José Mogote?
Who is the owner of the super-regional shopping mall with over 180 stores in Novi, Michigam?
Who was born first, Ödön von Horváth or Alexander Blok?
Which one of these singers is from Canada, James LaBrie or Sonya Scarlet?
Who was a former student of the UK based examination board specialising in dance education, who went on to found the Ballet theatre of Queensland in 1937?
Where was the paramilitary commander famous for massacring Jews living in Kaunas, Lithuania born?
Which hospital was shown in Southpark's highest viewed episode?
Which super villain of Batman portrayed by Edward Nigma first appeared in the Detective Comics?
What formerly known as the American International Building, 60 Wall Tower and originally as the Cities Service Building, 70 Pine Street or 40 Wall Street?
In what year did the airline which flies to Miami from it's base in Barcelona, Venezuela commence flights to Curaçao?
Which Tekno Team 2000 member was also known for his "Cowboy" gimmick in his wrestling career?
Who contributed more to awareness of Japanese animation in the U.S., Philip Kaufman or Carl Macek?
Brenda VanLengen is the primary analyst for which basket ball team coached by Brandon Schneider?
London Avenue Canal and Folsom South Canal, are located in which country?
What does the Japanese call the bombing of Tokyo led by General Emmett O'Donnell Jr on March 9-10 1945?
In which internationally recognised block do both Budapest, the most populous city of Hungary and Mirosław Hermaszewski, a retired Air Force officer and cosmonaut belong?
Who was a Native American to play professional baseball and was nicknamed The deerfoot of the diamond?
which city has the highest population Qionghai or Jiangmen
Who had a role in Survival of Dana and played a character who had a younger sister named Laura?
Are Celastrus and Thunbergia native to the Americas?
Lorena Fabiana Colatta plays which character in the television show Sabrina?
Which occurred first, the Battle of Leyte Gulf or Tet Offensive?
Which other athlete, along with the South African middle-distance runner and 2016 gold medalist, created controversy at the 2009 African Junior Athletic Championships?
Which director acted in more films, Ricardo Costa or Barry Levinson?
David Lodge and Erich Maria Remarque, both are in the literary arts?
Between University of Southern Queensland and Pokhara University, which institution was established earlier?
Which band The Amps or Moist were founded first?
Which magazine is distributed in more states, Parents or The Watchtower
Who hosted both of the shows whose sets were used by Nickelodeon Launch Box?
What kind of group does Nika Boon and Portishead have in common?
Who named the storm which affected parts of the Upper Midwest of the United States, from October 31 to November 3, 1991
Are Bernardo Bertolucci and Jodie Foster both producers?
Which American commander of the Asiatic-Pacific Theater had the nickname "Tooey"?
Were both The Haunted World of El Superbeasto and Mary and Max both based on comic book series?
The assistant director for a show that aired September 24, 1999 is also the retake director for which other show?
Is Rigoletto an Opera seria?
What awards has the author of the 2004 biography of Alexander Hamilton won?
Dark•Matter was a campaign published by the company that acquired what other gaming business in 1998?
Which team did Tyson Gay and Rodney Martin both run for?
Wat is the modern name for Latium, where Ferentina was the patron goddess?
What is the release year of this film directed by Marc Webb and written by Tony Flynn, which starred Mckenna Grace as Mary?
Fruit Chan and Plan B, have which similar industry occupations?
The Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe sits on what historical site?
Which fast food restaurant, founded in ohio, added salad and chicken options after expansion?
What TV network would you find the "Candyman" and "Boomer"?
What is the birth name of the actor that performed the 1966 single "The Proud One"
Is Baylor University or Istanbul Technical University closer to the capital of the United States?
What number in the series was last episode of South Park to use dialogue by a woman initially credited as Shannen Cassidy?
Which European capital is the home to a company that developed multimedia technology for re-release of a critically acclaimed album by a 90's band called "Techno-Squid Eats Parliament"?
Which person has had sold more books than the other, Larry Baker or Michael Crichton?
Are The Weakerthans and The Ready Set both bands from North America?
What types of alcoholic drinks are mixed into the Shrub and Oatmeal Cookie mixed drinks are there?
Does The Island at the Top of the World have more computer animated characters than Monsters, Inc.?
Which Winery is 50% owned by the former Philip Morris Corporation Inc?
Who directed the 2017 film David Scarpa wrote the screenplay for?
What is the name of the town, formerly known as Webster, that currently has the Regional School Unit 4 as the district headquarters?
Which is formed by more people, Relient K or Gotye?
The University of Richmond and Middlebury College are both private universities in what state?
How many Royal families did Empress Matilda belong to?
Both Arthur C. Clarke and Jean Rhys are known for what profession?
Which American actor starred in Detention
Daniel Amos and The Ramones both started in New York City?
What English composer had works premiered at Morley College and has no contemporary portrait?
Are Marian Gold and Jung Eun-ji members of the same band?
Josh Record was a producer for an alternative singer/songwriter originally from what part of New York?
In which European conoly in Central Africa established from the early 1900s to the 1960s was this British cricketer, missionary, and a contributor to The Fundamentals born (in 1860) ?
Between Fred Zinnemann and Hampton Del Ruth who won more Academy Awards?
When did Austria offer help to the american allies?
Which actress was born in Vienna and starred in the film "Sissi - The Young Empress" at the age of 18?
1994 Danish children's film, Frække Frida og de frygtløse spioner, featured Norwegian musician and singer-songwriter, of what group?
What year was the co-instructor of Doris Biscoe and Charlotte Scot born?
Naiad, who is a fictional water element, was created by John ostrander and Tom Mandrake who collaborated at what Database?
James P. Starlin is best known for revamping which fictional character cCreated by writer/artist Jim Starlin, the character first appeared in "Iron Man" #55 (February 1973)?
What river in New South Wales has perennial stream called Blicks River?
In what English providence is the Loggers Leap located?
What Indian actor born in 1976 stars in Oru Nalla Naal Paathu Solren
Who died first, Gunnar Olsson or Francis Lawrence?
Both Daryl Palumbo and Jack Russell are part of what industry?
Which dog breed is generally larger, the Pyrenean Mastiff or West Highland White Terrier?
Sally Mansfield had a role in a feature film with the entertainer who had what nickname?
Who won more Nobel prizes, Thomas Mann or T. R. Pearson?
What was the historical name for the fourteenth-century tower found in a suburb of Edinburgh?
Who has a longer middle name, Isabel Colegate or Peter Benchley?
Which has more restuarants, Sammy's Pizza or Azzip Pizza?
Which soda company has a higher command of their market share, Thums Up or IBC Root Beer?
How long is the road course in the auto racing track that is across from a United States Air Force installation in Nevada?
Were both Martin Adams and Sid Haig American actors?
Do plants in both Oncidium and Osteomeles produce edible fruit?
What game was released in 2016 by D-Pad Studio that is considered a new intellectual property?
Sarcocapnos and Derwentia, are a genus of which mutual type?
What was the population of the town in New Jersey that Peter Gadol was born in?
Artension is this subgenre of heavy metal that is heavily influenced by what
The census-designated place of Woodland is located in a town named for what man?
Which group of Native American tribes have roots in the Oneota?
Which power station is located on the backwater of "The Meeting of Waters"?
Which film director is still living, Ian Schneider or Michael Anderson?
Name the American professional baseball team based in Minneapolis which played in the Metropolitan Stadium from 1961 to 1981 and for whom Raymond Edward Smith, a professional baseball manager, made 83 big-league appearances?
Linfen and Weihui are both found in what country?
Which plane that was flown at the 71st Fighter Training Squadron is a is a fifth-generation, single-seat, twin-engine, all-weather stealth tactical fighter aircraft ?
Vlasta Neighborhood was constructed across from a factory that belongs to a company founded by who ?
Which band has had more names in it's history, The Cult or Simple Kid?
Who has received more academy award nominations, John Boorman or Rick Rosenthal?
Which American alternative rock band formed in 1999 performed in concerts opened by Mulchmen?
Which Magazine, Modern Drummer or St. Anthony Messenger, is located in Cincinnati, Ohio and is not available on the internet?
Thomas de Canaberis was a teacher in a corporation organized during which time period?
What hormone is linked as a stress defense in plants as well as an antidepressant in humans?
Which is a biger species of plant Scrophularia or Callicarpa?
Which has more species, Pitcher plant or Iresine?
What was the name of the film directed prior to The Gentle Sex?
Which 2008 French film was the third of a four-film adaptation?
In which American crime drama film, written by David Scarpa, did Mark Wahlberg and Kevin Spacey star in?
Hedley Marston attended a high school with a peak enrolment in the 1960s of how many students?
What nationality are film directors. Chris Sivertson and Miranda July?
The song written by Jimmy Webb and originally recorded by Johnny Rivers in 1965 reached what level on the charts?
Which species is found at higher elevations, Arundina or Guzmania?
What areas of learning does Malda Polytechnic specialize in?
Does the satirical Disney Comedy Moon Pilot mirror the mysticism, adventure, morality and camaraderie of the novel The Wind in the Willows?
Who became a member of a band first, Dave King or Hyolyn?
What is the original name for the band Orkustra which includes a member convicted of the murder of music teacher Gary Hinman, and which also involved Charles Manson?
What was the original name for the paper Anthony Keeling Collett worked for during the 1910s and 1920s?
What is related to the filed of electronic literature and in a part of international standards within multimedia?
J. M. G. Le Clézio was awarded what annual recognition to an author from any country who has, in the words of the will of Alfred Nobel, produced "in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction"?
The ship that was originally called La Gallega helped Christopher Columbus establish colonies on which island?
What is the nickname of the basketball team from 1982 to 1984 that included Hakeem Olajuwon?
Who has written more novels, James Der Derian or Chris Bohjalian?
Which building, nicknamed the "Catheral of Art in Mexico", is located near the Barrio Chino neighborhood?
Walter Scott of Harden lived in what 16th century tower house?
Which is composed of more atoms, Metaproscaline or Propane?
What is the name of this African American Messman Third Class of the United States Navy who was awarded great honors for his bravery during the attack on Pearl Harbor and for whom a park is dedicated in his honor close to the Waco Suspension Bridge?
The USS Florid was laid down at a navy yard with what nickname?
The 78th Army Band is an organization of the Army that served during what conflict?
Which band has more members, Razorlight, or +44?
In what year was the former coach of Arsenal F.C., who played against Denmark in the UEFA Euro 1992 Final, born?
On which coast of Florida are the Florida Institute of Technology and Kennedy Space Center located?
Which dog was originally bred closer to the Mediterranean Sea, the Bosnian Coarse-haired Hound or the Alaskan Malamute?
Richard E. Grant starred in what 1995 British romantic comedy film?
The second episode of "The Simpsons" twentieth season guest stars which two actors who previously appeared in the fifth episode of the tenth season?
What number did the song "Reapers" by Muse reach on Switzerland's main music sales chart?
What professor whose research relates to Russian history teaches at a college which lies beside the River Cam?
Who was a famous band member for both Haven and Mercyful Fate?
What series by Tad Hills was awarded by a Fortune 500 company, a bookseller with the largest number of retail outlets?
Who was born first, Paul King or Jimmy Urine?
What was the ballad "Come All You Warriors" written about?
Students from what three towns attend Freeport High School and are close to Wolfe's Neck Park?
What was the original name of the United States-based TV network that produced the TV series La Madame?
Who won more doubles titles, Françoise Dürr or Elizabeth Smylie?
Herbie Goes Bananas and Those Calloways, are both films made by which company?
As of 2010, what was the population where the 1993 US National Champion figure skater was born?
Which of the two was most viewed Zeitgeist or The Civil War?
From what continent do both the Kunming wolfdog and Central Asian Shepherd Dog come from?
Which Istanbul landmark opened first, the Rahmi M. Koç Museum or the Endem TV Tower?
Are the Shamrock and Styphelia both shrubs?
which British food manufacturer did David Thompson co-found
What is Dane Bruckheimer's production company called?
Who is the first cousin of the current King Mohammed VI and the grandson of Ibn Saud who was listed on "Time" magazine's Time 100?
Who has more members: Ultra Vivid Scene or Citizen Cope?
Which author wrote more books, Joseph Campbell or Cormac McCarthy?
Were both Kon-Tiki and The Life of Mammals documentaries created in the 20th century?
Are both Sosyo and Diet Mountain Dew popular drinks?
Which star of Lovely But Deadly was born in 1915 ?
What 1949 movie did the actress born as Maureen FitzSimmons appear in?
Sadqay Tumhare is produced by a Pakistani born in what year?
Are Sleeper Agent and Pupil both rock bands?
Who was the composer for the 2006 film starring Bryce Dallas Howard as Rosalind?
What NBA team did Draymond Green, an American professional basketball player, play for when he was sent to the 2006 NBA All-Star Game?
Who is older, Bruce Chatwin or Nalini Prava Deka?
Ankada Jugar was the basis for a character in what 1975 Hindi thriller?
What artist that grew up in Dumont, New Jersey, released an album on May 13, 1997 that marked the addition of their new singer?
Are Packaging Corporation of America and Hologic both involved in development of medical imaging systems?
Are Sembene! and The Fog of War both American documentaries?
Was This Divided State or Eclipse of Reason made first?
Which New York City building was completed first, Madison Square Park Tower or 28 Liberty Street?
The Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen and French Spaniel were both founded in France, but what century where the Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen's descendants from?
The first Comdex was held in what city?
What is the name of the American entertainer that was born as Joseph Gottlieb and featured in the film based on the real life U.S. Army Delta Force unit?
Which band was formed earlier, Deerhunter or Civil Twilight?
Are both Tonya Suzanne Holly and Izu Ojukwu film directors?
Which of these two musicians, Lee Ranaldo or Ozzy Osbourne, has had a longer music career?
Which Soviet mathmatician won a Nobel Prize, Alexander Gelfond or Nikolay Bogolyubov?
Both Nuruosmaniye Mosque and Bulgarian St. Stephen Church are located in what location?
Contoocook River has a bridge that is in the town in what New Hampshire county?
Which director directed more stage plays, Arthur Berthelet or Amir Naderi?
Who is currently coaching the midfielder that played for ACF Fiorentina?
What is the alternative name for the Hong Kong film adapted from the novel The Giant Eagle and Its Companion?
Which building is also known as the North Tower, Langham Place, New York or 30 Hudson Yards?
Who was born first, Émile Chautard or Manny Coto?
Which genus of plants is endemic to Australia, Retama or Baeckea?
Did George Avakian write more books than Thomas Woods?
Who starred in the sitcom as a divorced male working at a women's magazine, it was written by an actor known for his tenure as the host for "Tattletales"?
Which astronaut went up in space first, Samantha Cristoforetti or Mirosław Hermaszewski?
Is Toy Story 3 featured on the Matterhorn Bobsleds roller coaster at Disneyland?
Who wrote more novels, Bob Monkhouse or Patricia Highsmith?
Which United States federal government initiative to preserve and protect historic buildings is Coolmore Plantation a project in?
What song and music video did "Alphacat" release on October 15, 2012?
Who has made more feature films, Wilco Melissant, or Lesley Selander?
When was the Appleby-Frodingham Steel Company formed?
Between Sporting Lucas Terrier and Griffon Bleu de Gascogne, which breed is more agressive?
Who has more film credits King Hu or Geir Hansteen Jörgensen?
What is the name of the language group that includes those of the Onogurs, Bulgars, Khazars, and one of the languages spoken within the Hun empire?
Where abouts are both the White Rose Walk and the Coast to Coast walk located?
Who illustrated a graphic novel based on the life of a model and performer nicknamed "The Queen of Porn"?
Is Seattle–Tacoma International Airport or MBS International Airport closer to New York City?
What battle was later made into a silent film, about the Second World War?
How long has the composer for Iron Man been composing for films?
what is also called net's tongue and used in the garnish À la zingara?
WHO WAS EMINEMS MANAGER WHEN HE RELEASED THE ALBUM THAT WAS GOING TO BE CALLED "RELAPSE 2"?
What is the birth name of the Pope serving during Domenico Giani's tenure as Inspector General of the Vatican City police force before 2006?
Which tennis player, Andrei Olhovskiy or Hana Mandlíková, won four Grand Slam singles titles?
Nehi and Grapico were both introduced in what years respectively?
Which band band released their first album in 2009, Starflyer 59 or Fun?
Which was founded first, Terrible Things or The Auteurs?
What year was the man whose music inspired Folias Flute and Guitar Duo born?
Who is the president of an Australian College established in 2006 in the city of Adelaide?
Which University was founded in 1985, Michigan Technological University located in Houghton, Michigan or All Nations University located in Ghana?
Who has directed more films, Tian Zhuangzhuang or Marc Forster?
What building has more stories, 15 Penn Plaza or 247 Cherry?
Which song was the lead single For the Black Eyed Peas 5th studio Album that sampled "take a dive"?
Which drink has more gin in it London Fog or a Bloody Mary?
Both Candleshoe and Maleficent involve what company?
Who is American writer and translator Peter Christopher Sebastian's older brother who is a novelist and poet and wrote "Darconville's Cat"?
What is the first name of the American director, born September 24, 1957, that produced the movie "Batteries Not Included"?
National Park Service Rustic log cabin overlooks which second-largest lake in Glacier National Park?
What is the nationality of Marsha Kazarosian, the famed Massachusetts attorney, and the singer Karnig Sarkissian?
Who is younger, Brian Fair or Hyomin?
Which college was founded first, Johns Hopkins University or Middlebury College?
Which was built first, Central Park Tower or Paramount Plaza?
What English indie rock band formed in 2002 had their song called "Light the Night" featured in the 2012 animated short film, The Snowman and the Snowdog?
Who were originally members of the 10th Cavalry Regiment of the United States Army, and included William H. Thompkins, a recipient of the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the Spanish-American War?
Windsor Great Cave is on the land owned by the non-governmental organization founded in which year?
Peter Boghossian and Strawberry Saroyan, are of which mutual nationality?
In which county is the city in which Can Miller was born ?
Who was in more films, Stanley Donen or Joan Rivers?
Which card game was designed first, Hanabi or Lost Cities?
What weapon, designed by Aimo Lahti, was a descendant of the M-22 prototype and the KP/-26 production model?
What city was Tomas Swartwout born in that was previously known as Beverwijck?
What show a host of My Bare Lady was famous for has aired on the US network Ovation since 28 September 2014?
What was the name of the WWE fighter that is brothers with Ranjin Singh and is played by Dalip Singh Rana?
Jerzy Ilicz was the Polish ambassador to Safavid Iran during the reign of king Władysław IV Vasa (r. 1632—1648), was a Polish prince from which organization?
Located in market town of Frodsham, the M56 motorway is also known as what?
Ora Alexander's musical style was barrelhouse, named after what kind of establishment?
Which was founded first, McCall's or Christianity Today?
Governance of the Gaza Strip is carried out by the administration whose name translates to what?
Who had more well-known films, Leos Carax or Gene Saks?
could both Terceira Mastiff and Dachshund be your pet
Soy egg can also be made with a substitute cultivated by coagulating soy milk also known as what
Which member of the rap group Three Loco collaborated with Lil Debbie and V-Nasty?
Kangpenqing and Gyala Peri, are located in which well known range of mountains, in Asia?
Which magazine, Hearth and Home or Hänt Extra, has its headquarters closer to Montreal, Canada?
Which retired English actor is the twin of Anthony Meyer?
Steve Kettmann was a mentor to the minority owner of which MLB team?
When was the Trans-Pacific Express undersea cable, for which Nedonna Beach, Oregon is a terminus, commissioned?
Which American singer, big band leader, talk show host and actor released "Red Light, Blue Light" in 1991?
Who won more awards for their writing Alan Sillitoe or James Jones?
Did both Ryn Weaver and Escanaba Firing Line receive acclaims from "Billboard"?
What American singer born 1951 does Jim Rooney have credits for?
Who is the brutally tortured black African American journalist?
What do Oakland International Airport and Stewart International Airport have in common?
Which building was existed first, 53W53 or 56 Leonard Street?
How long does the league that Souvik Chakrabarti plays for run?
What do Bob Marley and Timo Kotipelto have in common?
Who died first, Maurice Pialat or Arline Burks Gant?
Are Vib Gyor and Muzzle both alternative rock groups?
Jerry York was the former CFO of which "Big Three" American automobile manufacturer?
What kind of group does Birmingham City F.C. and English football league system have in common?
What is the artist name who contributed to Sprition Media Games online video game's soundtrack?
What is the stage name of an English recording artist, MC and record producer whose tracks were included in 700 electronic/urban music songs instrumentally performed, sung, written or produced by Henry Ritson?
When was the company that built the world's first fully cellular purpose-built container ship formed?
Which building was completed first, the Silver Towers or Madison Square Park Tower?
What is the difference between Konstantin Orbelyan and Haig P. Manoogian
As of now, has George Abbott or Matt Stone's career spanned more decades?
What was the birth name of the dead magician who Frances Farmer was trying to contact?
Which of the people that worked on "Der Struwwelpeter" died February 14, 1988?
Orlando International Airport and Dubuque Regional Airport, are located in which country?
Where are Leon and Yeo Hoon-min from?
What English actress, born Minnie Higginbotoom, starred in the BBC1 television sitcom No Frills?
Who was the physician of Tycho Brahe a Danish nobleman known for his accurate and comprehensive astronomical and planetary observations?
What company owns at least two of the four casinos at the intersection of Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard?
Who has the highest number of skills George Michael or Charlie Dominici
Yankee Sullivan lost a fight to the bare-knuckle boxer who went by what nickname?
Francie Brolly was first elected to the devolved legislature of what part country?
Are Souleymane Cissé and Bertrand Blier foreign film directors?
Grace Kennedy starred in this 2005 UK production which was directed by whom?
Stay" is a song recorded by American country music duo Sugarland, it reached a peak position of #2 for four weeks, stuck behind Taylor Swift's "Our Song", and was released on on which date?
Which 1988 Telugu comedy produced by D.P. Varma had music composed by the only female music director in the Telugu film industry?
How man more Academy Awards did the creator of Sylvester the Cat win than the creator of Flippity and Flop?
When was the aircraft that The Silver Falcons fly introduced?
Did the board games Taj Mahal and Sáhkku originate in the same country?
What song based on TaylorI Swift's experience with Drew Hardwick, a classmate of hers for whom she had feelings won a Grammy Award in 2010.?
Which American-born British socialite was Montagu Porch's stepdaughter, and Randolph Churchill's wife?
What was the population of the state that the Kentucky Route 247 travels through in 2010?
What is the name of the American rapper, born November 20, 1983, and same generation member of Dungeon Family & Society of Soul as Big Rube?
Are Moscow Watchdog and Plummer Terrier both breeds of dog?
With schools in 3 cities DeVry Advantage Academy and its affiliates were founded in 1931 as what?
What woman, who won the title of 1993 Playmate of the Year, utilized trial attorney notable for his involvement in litigation with regard to trusts and estates?
Which animated musical fantasy film originally released by RKO Radio Pictures was the second animated feature film by Disney?
Who was born first Jim Diamond or Marie Currie?
What Swiss football club based in Basel did Thomas Häberli join in July 2000?
Which mountain is taller, Saltoro Kangri or Makalu?
The song "Elijah Rock" is a genre of music created by what group of people?
Which song covered by Tori Amos ends with Eminem killing his wife?
What are the nationalities of Leonid Khachiyan and Sofia Kovalevskaya?
Which band formed first, Sunrise Avenue or Marcy Playground?
What is the role playing game based on "FATE" engine from Evil Hat Productions from 1920?
Who is beter known for her solo career, Nell Sigland or Kristin Hersh?
Which city in India is larger, Anthare Santhe or Mysore?
The Heineken Prizes for Arts and Sciences are named in honor of Henry Pierre Heineken, son of Dutch businessman whose net worth was how much?
Which organization is larger, Papa John's Pizza, or Sammy's Pizza?
The Australian House of Assembly electoral district named after a politician born in 1856 contains which peninsula?
Which university is closer to Boston, University of Cincinnati or Williams College ?
Chouteau Island and Gateway Arch can both be found having at least half of their area in what state?
Is Greensburg, Pennsylvania in eastern or western Pennsylvania?
Who played more seasons of soccer, Dave Coskunian or Aram Chobanian?
Which singer lived longer, Billy Mackenzie or Donnie Munro?
Which river winds through the southern Appalachian Mountains in Tennessee, providing scenic bluffs for the Ocoee Scenic Byway?
who was formed first Fatboy Slim or Our Last Night?
The music video of the song Hey Porsche features a car produced by which company ?
Who operates The Rocket center and Allegany Ballisics Laboratory?
What man born in 1836 was both the grandson and father of U.S. Senators?
The Riverport Railroad operates a former army depot track that was opened in what year?
In 2012 Michael Malitowski and partner Joanna Leunis won first place at a festival held at what ballroom?
What county was John Marsh born in?
Who owns the Flobal Rallycross that Scott Speed competes in?
Aero Engine Controls produces any of several types of control systems for what kind of engines?
Which guitarist played in the rock band Kansas?
Kellyn Tate, is an American softball coach, and former player, she previously held coaching positions at which are the athletic teams that represent Texas Tech University?
What Earl of Carnarvon coined the term "Voluntaryism"?
Which opera has more acts, Partenope or La sonnambula?
What North American marketing term perfectly describes the Kia Cadenza?
Which president of the St. George Social Hall Company was father of an American businessman, author, and Republican Party politician and grandfather of the 2012 Republican presidential nominee?
What name did the corporation, who bought the Lavington Square Shopping Centre, previously go by?
How did The President of Uganda from 1971 to 1979, who was known as strongman, die?
Which genus has been around longer, Encelia or Dregea?
What is the other name for François Leterrier's debut film?
Who has appeared in more films, Leon Redbone or Val Avery?
Whose country is situated the furthest west, Virginia Ruano Pascual or Olivier Rochus?
In what region was the Native American tribe, the Shoshones, located in?
Amir Sultan was captured by which Turco-Mongol conqueror?
What area does Salt Creek Falls and Multnomah Falls have in common?
FPT University and Cavite State University Rosario Campus are both what types of facilities?
Who was the wife of a photographer famed for his photographic portraits in the early 20th century?
Who produced the 1985 film starring Bruce M. Fischer?
What synthetic stimulant is sometimes called flaka or gravel?
Which patriotic song in "American Patrol" is a toponym for the United States?
How long did it take to write the album "Physical Graffiti"?
Arcane Collective was founded by what American choreographer and dancer
Who has won more doubles titles, Yevgeny Kafelnikov or Fabio Fognini?
What nickname was used by one of the stars of Divergence?
What is the birth name of the actress that took part in a beauty pageant called the "Sarah Rose Cosmetics Mount Rose American Teen Princess Pageant" in a mockumentary film
Dmitry Belyaev was born in the city with how many inhabitants as of 2012?
Where is the headquarters of the team that includes a Swiss professional racing driver born in 1988?
Do Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey and Osip Mandelstam share the same nationality?
Are Helenium and Orychophragmus both annuals?
Which community, Ferncroft, New Hampshire or Sandwich, New Hampshire, is more populous?
Which James Bond movie theme song artist released first, the artist of Die Another Day or The World Is Not Enough?
Peter Watkins and Baltasar Kormákur, have which occupations in common?
Who was the coach of The Human Highlight Film in 1990-91?
William Blake Crump directed a movie which was a remake of what?
Robert Frost and Christoper Dewdney both what profession?
Are Tommy Karevik and Serri members of the same band
Were both Stephen Spender and Charles Palliser Poet Laureates in 1965?
Which plant is locally known as Ghaap, Frailea or Hoodia?
Did Edwin Greenwood and Curtis Hanson create movies during the same time span?
Who was the father of the man born Rudolph Valentino Clay?
Which city did both Monica Lewinsky and William R. "Billy" Martin both work in?
How many times has a basketball player who won an NBA championship, an NBA Most Valuable Player Award, the Bill Russell NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award, the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award, four NBA scoring titles, the NBA Rookie of the Year Award, and two Olympic gold medals, participate in the competition held once a year since 1995?
Who was the musical performer who wrote "lily the Pink"?
In which states did Pietro's Pizza and LaRosa's Pizzeria serve in
Which University, Bahçeşehir University or King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi, is closer to Israel?
What song mentions the man who lived from April 3, 1943 – March 4, 1986 and was a Canadian composer, singer, and multi-instrumentalist?
Henry Marshall Ashby was a Confederate States Army colonel who served under what former United States Secretary of War?
The 1988 Autosport 1000 km was owned by what media company?
What is the capital of the national team in which René Hasler plays for?
Gaetano Gianolla was the head of what crime family?
How are Exeter Cathedral and Plymouth Cathedral similar?
Did Allen Ginsberg or Paul Auster have something published more recently?
What film genre does The Tree That Remembers and Fight for the Planet fall under?
What city is the studio responsible for the 7D located?
Of the two artists, Threes Anna and Willard Huyck, whose country of residence is closest to Germany?
Which musical act had more musicians, Name Taken or Tori Amos?
Who owns a clothing company, Trace Cyrus or Blackie Lawless?
Herbsaint and Jagertee, are what type of beverages?
Which actor appeared in both A Time to Kill and Act?
The smallest of Hawaii's eight main volcanic islands which is home to the rare flowering plant, Euphorbia skottsvergii, get's how many cm of rainfall on average annually?
In the city of Chaozhou and the district of Wujin District, is the local language a dialect of Wu Chinese?
What cartoonist nicknamed Sparky was responsible for a 29 year run on CBS?
Who is the son of the person who was CEO of Fiat company in 1924?
Which mountain is higher, Ngadi Chuli or Porong Ri?
Which film director died first, Robert Wiene or James Fargo?
Bethpage High School is in what zip code?
are Orychophragmus and Chrysobalanus a genus of the same family
Which publication has run longest, Signs of the Times or Space Science Fiction?
The son of Peter Dancy directed which 2011 American thriller drama film?
Which submachine gun built by Societe Luxembourgeoise SA in Luxembourg between 1954 and 1957 was capable of using magazines developed in Nazi Germany?
Who co-wrote the song White Light with the English singer, songwriter and record producer who was a member of the musical duo Wham! in the 1980s?
Which Australian rules footballer dubbed Mick Nolan as "The Galloping Gasomete
Ernest Malden passed away in a city located in which country ?
What platoon mate of Kevin Lacz served four tours in the Iraq War and was awarded several commendations for acts of heroism and meritorious service in combat?
What do the outcomes of both Baker v. Wade and Bowers v. Harwick have in common?
What quartet was formerly named after an American jazz musician that lived his life as an adult but was born female?
Superheaven and Ocean Colour Scene are what?
What nationality is the basketball player who holds the most points scored during the Nike Hoops Summit game?
Peter Schreyer is the former design director of the car manufacturer that has been a subsidiary of what multinational since 1998?
Which hospital is a non-profit, MedStar Washington Hospital Center or Sibley Memorial Hospital?
Who began working in the film industry first, Sarah Price or John H. Auer?
In what year was the Argentinian leader whose life was the basis of the movie "Evita" born?
What award, established by philantropist Peter Thiel, was Dale Stephens an original recipient of?
Who designed a casino which was developed and operated in Macau and a subsidiary of Las Vegas Sands Corp?
What 2014 South Korean film stars the first Asian model to walk Dior Homme's show?
What continent were both The Ring and Shonen Jump published in?
Near which airport does the station whose north is the historic Hialeah Seaboard Air Line Railway station, and the only place in the county, other than Homestead, Florida, to have its own street grid numbered separately from the rest of the county?
Where was Max Perutz, an Austrian-born British molecular biologist, a professor who is also the father of Robin Perutz
What kind of species was Carl Baugh interviewed about in the television special The Mysterious Origins of Man?
Korean War and Battle of Aachen, were both of which major type combat action, titled?
Desert Ridge includes what non-profit medical practice facility based out of Minnesota?
Who is the owner of the station that developed Somos tú y yo in Africa?
Which building was constructed first - 1095 Avenue of the Americas or One Vanderbilt Place?
Which candidate did Edward Timpson defeat, Laura Smith or Tamsin Dunwoody?
A subgenre horror film involving psychopath stalking with bladed tools, had it's first Indonesian feature released to Blu-Ray in 201, who directed and wrote this film?
One of the constituents of the FT 30 index of leading companies on the London Stock Exchange took over which brewery in the late 1900's?
Which canal was in operation longer, Leiper Canal or Carondelet Canal?
Who is the mother of both an English television chef and food critic and an English actor who holds both British and Irish citizenship?
What type of elevation does Allegheny Front and Appalachian Platea have in common?
Who produce the lager that presented "The Big Revival Tour"?
What is a word that connects the two paragraphs?
How long did Bobby Bowden coach for the team that represented Florida State University in the 1998 NCAA Division 1 season?
Where was the band that Koolade was a part of formed in?
Which film premiered first, Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life or The Secret of Kells?
What year was "The Quest of the Magi" awarded a double silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association?
What is the middle name of the guitarist who wrote the song That's Evil ?
Which stories is the musical, in which Stephen Flaherty was nominated eight Tony Awards for, based on?
What 1988 American Band from California did Black Steel support in 2006?
Who won more singles titles, Svetlana Kuznetsova or Joakim Nyström?
Which ran longer Arizona Canal and Allegheny Portage Railroad
Who wrote the song sung by Cantonese in first act of Les Rose Laurens?
A Norwegian rebel leader has associations with which 1919 United States act?
What was one of the most infamous college in England commonly known as?
Between Morina and Malva, which genus is spread more widely?
LaRosa's Pizzeria and Extreme Pizza, are both privately held restaurants franchises specializing in which type food?
Q1: What county was Simmons born in?
Which was published first, TEG or TransAmerica?
What is the nationality of actress Lee Jong-suk who starred in the Doctor Stranger television series?
Are Altay City and Taipei both located in China ?
Is the Loasa genus or the Ferula genus more useful to humans?
What was the name Myddle Class' lead singer who co-wrote several Billboard songs?
Which principality did the man, after which Ranier III Nautical Stadium is named, rule?
What 1974 building is named for Justice Sherman Minton?
Which is a prefecture-level city, Shulan or Zunyi?
When was the American fraudster and a former stockbroker born who had the largest fraud exposure to Fairfield Greenwich Group?
Which country has They city Oyo, where Wande Abimbola is from
What member of the band Road was also part of the Jimi Hendrix Experience?
Which magazine has been published in more languages, Burda Style or OK!?
What is the real name of the California-based producer that released De La Soul's seventh studio album entitled, "The Grind Date"?
Micky Ward and The Ring magazine Fight of the Year are from which country?
Who has created more musical compositions, Frankie Kazarian or Armen Donelian?
The MV Kooringa was built by a company formed by a group of businessmen in what year?
Which director has directed more westerns, Til Schweiger or Mack V. Wright?
Are both Gas Huffer and Fatboy Slim musicians ?
Which game came out first Ghosts or Diamond ?
Who played Donna Hayward and directed How I Got Into College?
Who helped more to define literary journalism, Buckminster Fuller or Gay Talese?
Who was Christopher Carlson that lived at Chase Ranch?
Who won the most doubles Grand Slam titles, Virginia Wade or Jorge Lozano?
when is the American actor who was the son of Margaret Pellegrini born
Eatza Pizza and Hideaway Pizza, are what type of restaurant?
Are Bidens and Browningia both types of barbed plants?
In what year was the for-profit university adjacent to Fort New Salem, and founded by Seventh Day Adventists, founded?
The G. Heileman Brewing Company was acquired by Pabst Brewing Company through the purchase of what company?
Which cocktail has the least amount of ingredients, Mai Tai or Amber Moon?
Have Michael Winterbottom and Carroll Ballard both made films for British TV?
Honor the Earth participated in protests about land near what reservation?
What nickname is given to the smaller of the home venues of the basketball team for which Robert Stone plays ?
Who has won more Tony Award's, Alex Greenwald or Constantine Maroulis?
What what the original, Japanese title of the sequel to the video game "Iron Tank", released on the Nintendo Entertainment System?
Are the Sabueso Español and Galgo Español suitable dogs for domestic pets?
Do both the University of Minnesota and Georgetown University have multiple campuses?
Which has more campuses, Williams College and University of Colorado?
Who is older, Miklós Jancsó or Claude Sautet?
What is the birthyear of the American composer that borrowed from "Second Connecticut" on four occasions and combined American popular and church-music traditions with European art music?
Is the Honduran Lake Yojoa deeper on average than Antartica's Lake Vanda?
Robert Kay worked for a museum founded when?
Are the Salt River Project and North Shore Channel located in the same city?
What were the people called in Warren County, Ohio that were known for their simple living and furniture?
What English physicist articulated the principle of the conservation of energy independently of Ludwig August Colding and Julius Robert von Mayer?
What is this type of European forms of electronic dance music combining elements of pop, new wave and rock that Elton John's album Victim of Love is a good example of?
In which island the RCC Broadcasting Company broadcasts?
Wilfred Lau Ho-Lung is a Hong Kong singer and actor, many have made comparisons to his voice to the voice of Eason Chan, is a Hong Kong singer and actor, born on which date?
What was the Tangerine Confectionery's sweet Flump made of?
In the Philippines, it's known as Typhoon Jose, a very powerful tropical cyclone, in the Western Pacific basin, the most intense tropical cyclone worldwide in 2014, is also called?
Are Tolpis and Nigella both types of annual plants?
What is the scientific name for the type of bird Scrappy Moc is?
Lady Caroline Faber was the daughter of which Conservative British Prime Minister?
Steve Zahn starred in which movie based on a satirical realistic fiction comedy novel for children and teenagers written and illustrated by Jeff Kinney ?
Do both Technological Institute of the Philippines and the Manipal Institute of Technology focus studies on engineering
What is the name of a 2006 animation produced by the company that distributed a 2017 animated film written by Jim Krieg?
Who took the oath of allegiance and was considered to be the Old Pretender?
What is the Spanish name for the political alliance that supports social equality and egalitarianism?
What was the birth year of the founder of the spiritualistic philosophy codified in the 19th century?
What was the official title of the character played by Jame Frain on the TV series "The Tudors"?
What sponsor of the initiative Aman ki Asha was founded in 1939?
Who designed The City of Greyhawk and goes by the pen name Keith Martin?
Who has more male members, Neon Horse or Beangrowers?
Were N.Y.H.C. and Dalai Lama Renaissance both filmed in the same year?
What is name of younger brother of the director Joey Travolta who directed film Mel in 1998?
Ferdinand Johann Adam von Pernau was born in a castle now lying where ?
Şahan Arzruni and Vahe Aghabegians currently reside in which country?
Did Shin Hye-sung play in more bands then Charlie Huhn?
Are Gaoyou and Arxan both located in China?
Who won more Pulitzer Prizes, Barbara W. Tuchman or Guillaume Apollinaire?
For what is the mountain that has Thayer Glacier on the east slopes popular ?
What actress from Places in the Heart also won an Emmy for portraying the role of Sarah Weddington?
John Bradstreet's mother was from a colony of which European country?
Do Perri and The Three Lives of Thomasina feature the same type of animal ?
Which company has more subsidiaries under it, American Water or Cisco Systems?
What canal is located more westward in the US, the Florida Canal or the Pioneer Canal?
What is this region highly contested between Poland and Lithuania called in Polish where Lithuanian Education Society Rytas is located?
Kenneth Branagh was nominated for an Academy Award for the 1993 romantic comedy film that also starred which then-wife?
What city was Steve Earle's Grammy-nominated album "Train' a Comin'" recorded in?
Imperial Ballroom was a 1982 album released by the singer born whom?
Have Dave Meniketti and Leo both had blues-oriented solo efforts?
Who was the creator of Famous Daves and when did it first open?
Who was the first daughter-in-law of Bridget Elizabeth Hitler?
The 2017 National Camogie League was sponsored by the company based in what area of Liverpool?
The character Beatrice Prior stars in how many movies?
Which band has released more albums since their formation, Semisonic or Black Stone Cherry?
Did Richard Wright or Thomas Friedman win more Pulitzer prizes?
What company is the owner of regional malls in the United States, headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan and developed Westfarms?
Who established the theater where "The Last Five Years" premiered in 2001?
What do Frank Sinatra and Midge Ure have in common?
The Supreme Court of Western Australia as well as the independent Pacific Island states of Kiribati, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Tonga, Tuvalu and Vanuatu use which abbreviation for their currency?
What genre of music is represented here?
What is the date of birth of the coach of the 1981 Sooners football team?
Who won the most Grand Slam titles in doubles, Bob Hewitt or Dick Crealy?
Which is situated in a more populous region? Petersburg James A. Johnson Airport or Lehigh Valley International Airport?
What film did the Director of the Global Partnership to End Violence Against Children act in that is a 2008 English-language French action thriller film directed by Pierre Morel?
Which university, Arizona State University and University of Maryland, College Park, had a fall enrollment of more than 37,000 students in 2010?
Who has worked with more artists, Taylor Momsen or Steve Lukather?
Between U2 and Dead Sara which group has more main members?
What is the abbreviation of the subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios which produced the musical "Aida?"
Are Roger Avary and Zack Snyder both film producers?
When was the American rapper, actor, and television host born who's debut studio album is To the Extreme?
Which board game was invented first, Halma or Terra Mystica?
What fictional character appears in a novel where the first half was originally a serial in 1881 and 1882, published as "La storia di un burattino"?
What is the plant family of the Satsuma Mandarin?
What type of Guinness World Record performance does the Cheung Kong Center take part in?
What other name for a Christian Talk radio station licensed to Clifton Park, New York and serving New York's Capital District is shared with Kiss 102.3?
Which ran more frequently, Sesame Street Magazine or Giant Robot?
What would citizens from the state William A. A. Wallace was from be called?
Smith's Magazine and Fit Pregnancy, are both media of which type?
What publication does John Joseph O'Neill and William L. Laurence have in common?
What company does Aladdin and Sleeping Beauty have in common?
The Gangavalli River and Maglore are both located in what country?
What Canal allows a navigable water route from New York City to the Great Lakes and was created shortly after Blackstone River Valley?
Who is from farther north, Jeremy J. Ford or David Cronenberg?
Dr Thomas Bond is best known for his association with a killer called the what?
How many BAFTA Awards has the actress who, along with Abigail Wilson wrote Jam &Jerusalem, won ?
Which is from farther west, American University of Sharjah or Valparaiso University?
What if the official spelling of the suburb where Geding Lake is located?
Who signed to Capitol Nashville and released his self-titled debut album, and used material written by the wife of Chris Stapleton?
Who composed the album that was dedicated to the magazine that is published by Condé Nast India Pvt. Ltd., a 100% owned subsidiary of Condé Nast International?
Did both the VTech Laser 200 and Mattel Aquarius include modem capabilities?
Are Yale University and University of Oklahoma both among the five oldest universities in the USA?
On what date is the game "Hanetsuki" often played?
Ambrose Mendy (born August 1954) is a British boxing manager, advisor and sports agent, he has managed and/or advised Errol Christie among others during a career in boxing, he was a professional boxer and boxing trainer, of which nationality?
"Slew" McCain, U.S. Navy admiral who saw action in the Pacific war, was what relation to the recent Presidential candidate?
Which rail line runs to a mall developed by Oxford Development Company?
which year is the Baltimore Ravens season the franchise's 5th season in NFL and the second under head coach Brian Billick.
What is the name of the writer whose works encompass thirty poems classed as ballads which entail the literary treatment of philosophers and philosophical themes which dates back to 1936?
Are Richard Fairbrass and JB of the same nationality?
Eric Roberts who has acted with Sylvester Stallone andSharon Stone in 'The Specialist', received which award for his performance in 'King of Gypsies' ?
Are both the Kuchi and theWest Siberian Laika certified breeds?
Which film came first, "Thank You" or "The Grapes of Wrath"?
What Treaty that ended the American Revolutionary war made George Rogers Clark hailed as the "Conqueror of the Old Northwest"?
What is the meaning of the motto of the monochary of the United Kingdom which is commonly referred to as the British monarchy?
Who has the most top singles Blue October or Sweethead?
What is the name of the French folktale that the serial killer covered by Webb Miller is said to have been a real-life version of?
How many seasons did the sitcom which Bobby Gaylor acted for have?
Which genus of plants has more plants associated with it, Camassia or Acorus?
Jenny Reece was a member at what university known for public research?
what is the middle name of the man who's government replaced K. R. Kaushik with P. C. Pande?
The Radio Operator & Air Gunner's Badge, is a commonly accepted title for the German title, translated into English,Combined Air Gunner, Radio Operator and Flight Engineer Badge, it was a German military decoration awarded to radio operators, air gunners and mechanics (flight engineers) who were members of the German Air Force, translated into what in German, a flight engineer (FE), also sometimes called an air engineer, is the member of an aircraft's flight crew who monitors and operates its complex aircraft systems?
Who was the President who owned both James Heming and Sarah "Sally" Hemings?
Hart D. Fisher created a comic book about a criminal from what city?
Who had the most Nobel Prize nominations, Paul Claudel or Joyce Kilmer?
What 1993 hit single did Nestor Alexander Haddaway and Tony Hendrik co write together?
Who has written more novels, Ford Madox Ford or Alan Furst?
Which location has a larger population, the Jiangdu District or Hailun?
Who was personal chef to the eldest son of North Korean Leader Kim Jong-il, Kim Jong-nam?
Which dog breed has less hair, the Polish Hound, or the Chinese Crested Dog?
Which director was also a writer, Ralph Murphy or Hugh Schulze?
What underground nuclear bunker near Blue Ridge Summit, Pennsylvania known as "underground Pentagon" became operational in 1966?
Who was served seven months in prison after Sir Oliver Popplewell found him guilty of perjury?
Oxted is a town in a region organised into how many local government districts?
What type of building does Retail Ventures and Value City have in common?
What is a set of annual international awards bestowed in several categories by Swedish and Norwegian institutions in recognition of academic, cultural or scientific advances, who has a recipient who has won two of these awards who founded the Radium Institute?
what is the profession of the person Trump considered to replace Reince Priebus ?
Which tower is taller, the Paramount Plaza or Central Park Tower?
Are Diet Mountain Dew and J2O both soft drinks?
Grandtheft remixed the Rhianna song released on what date?
Between Ice Princess and Bolt, which was more unsuccessful in the box office?
Kelley Blue Book is part of a company based in Atlanta, GA which is headed by whom?
Who directed the most movies, Hans Richter or Alain Tanner?
Where is Reliance BIG Entertainment headquartered?
Which plant belongs has more hairy structures, Pilosocereus or Sesleria?
Which Secretary of State was also the president of the company that owns 8% stake in Aston Martin of the United Kingdom?
Which episode aired later, Simpsons Already Did It or Professor Chaos?
What state was the writer of the song "the carpenter" born?
What 1997 computer game is the sequel to a mecha based first-person shooter video game developed and published by Activision?
When was the Associate of the Supreme Court of the United States who ruled that a defendant cannot prospectively waive the protections of the Speedy trial Act born?
Was Candlebox formed before Chris Cornell founded Temple of the Dog?
Which of the bands was formed by more members, Goo Goo Dolls or Roses Are Red?
What country does South Carolina National Bank of Charleston and Andrew Jackson have in common?
Where was the game Velocity developed?
Who was an early English-American industrialist known as the "Father of the American Industrial Revolution", who's youngest brother was an early American industrialist, founder of Slatersville, Rhode Island?
What 147 mile long river is dammed by the Apalachia Dam?
Which computer was listed the highest selling computer model of all time, Commodore 64 or Aamber Pegasus?
(née Bessie; March 29, 1880, From what school did a legendary female pianist and pedagogue, with the former last name of Bessie, born March 29, 1880 in Kiev, Ukraine, Russian Empire graduate?
What is a line of compact cars produced by Prince Motor Company in 1980 and discontinued in 1999?
Who directed the movie where Jensen Ross Ackles plays Jason Todd?
Are both William Faulkner and Nathanael West Nobel Prize winners?
What is the species name of the animal in which the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga has as a mascot?
What United States military fortification was founded in 1994?
Rose and Millettia are both members of what family?
Where are the headquarters of the company that manages the Sporting Portugal Fund?
Which is headquartered farther north, Home Run Inn or Toppers Pizza?
What is another name for the fairy queen referred to as Queen Mab in Romeo and Juliet?
When was the self-described "neoceltic pagan folk" band based in the Netherlands formed?
Robert Edward "Ted" Turner III founded CNN and another network located in what city?
Were Jean Genet and Fred Savage both actors?
Which company produced more types of products, Voss or Pet, Inc.?
Between Talk Talk and Hunter Valentine, which band was formed earlier?
Which breed of dog has been more often used by the military, German Longhaired Pointer or Combai?
Worker: Worker: What country are both Hsinchu and Yushu City, Qinghai associated with?
Who has had a longer partnership with Adam Sandler, Dennis Dugan or Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck?
Which Civil War general was the town in which Francis W. Parker Charter Essential School is located named after?
Which trail about 3000 mi long and established in 1912, was in direct competition with Pikes Peak Ocean to Ocean Highway?
Did Larry Hagman and Fred de Cordova both act in the show "Dallas"?
In what year was the public research university in the city of Lawrence, Kansas founded?
Erich Maria Remarque and Sándor Márai have names that originally sound like which language?
Who wrote and directed the sequel to the 2003 film in which Olivia Olson played Joanna?
Which film, Scandalous John or Paul Revere, was based on a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow?
Which plant has a bigger genera, Scilla or Petrophytum?
Was Brett Scallions in more bands as a lead vocalist than Trace Cyrus?
Is Vero Beach Regional Airport or Yampa Valley Airport further south?
What is the nationality of the group of electrical engineering companies which created the DB Class 202?
Do both Kitchens of Distinction and Transvision Vamp have female lead singers?
Bedtime Stories and The Good Dinosaur were produced by what american motion picture company?
Who was won more Academy Awards, Alexander Payne or Justin Reardon?
What are some upcoming films by the director of the 2015 French-British crime thriller film written and directed by Brian Helgeland?
Marian Partington was abducted by the man who killed at least how many people between 1967 and 1987?
Oliver Irving directed the movie starring the actress who got her start pplaying Jerri Blank on what television series?
What role-playing game set in the Star Trek derived Star Fleet Universe was designed by Stephen V. Cole?
What province does Jiande and Xuancheng have in common?
Lanxi, Zhejiang and Zhangzhou are both what type of city?
What kind of bands are Razorlight and The Strokes?
Are Shahe, Hebei and Zoucheng both county-level cities?
Who was born first, Robert Walser or Stephen Dixon?
What Environmental Protection Agency Superfund site was located south of Blanding, Illinois?
What descriptor is assigned both to those born in Zaire and the government of present-day Zaire?
Which Secretary of Defense died two years after being confirmed by the senate?
What South Korean dancer, famous as a teen, is currently performing with a ballet group who's name translates to "The beauty of divine beings dancing"?
Are both United Kingdom and Franco Malerba of the same nationality?
What is the old name of the area where Lynn County is currently located?
What type of leaden does Gertrude of Brunswick and Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor have in common?
What year was the sports star who guest starred in the episode "Promos" in the television show "The Office" born?
Who is the mother of William A. Bardeen and the wife of John Bardeen?
Which game was created first, Chapayev or Senet?
Which hospital serves more neonatal patients, MedStar Washington Hospital Center or Walter Reed Army Medical Center?
Piedmont Triad International Airport and Aniak Airport, are located in which country?
Taylor Swift's song about a teenage Romance, "Tim McGraw," reached #5 on which music chart?
What nationality was the businessman whom John W. Sidgmore replaced as chief executive officer of the telecommunications company WorldCom?
what does Renault RE30 and Renault in Formula One have in common?
Who wrote more novels, Jim Henson or Khady Sylla?
What's another name for the style of music that Ora Alexander performed?
what does Alain Manesson Mallet and Louis XIV of France have in common?
What is the abbreviation of the engine used by the BWW B57?
Are GQ and Philadelphia magazine published in the same state?
The pioneer of modern Tamil poetry was an associate of what organization?
How many people live in the area maintained by the Cherokee National Forest?
Where is the manufacturer who manufactures the brand formerly known as the Old Oscar Pepper Distillery based?
When was the Piano Concerto composed?
Where did Thailand host the inaugural games that included swimming, diving and water polo events?
The film that featured the character Nick Dunne was produced by whom?
When was the building that was built for the Minnesota National Guard in 1935–36 demolished?
Which branch of dialect is the Alemannic Wikipedia based on?
In what city did Amir Khan and Lamont Peterson fight for the welterweight titles in 2011?
Tony Scibelli is a character in what musical featuring numerous Whitney Houston songs?
Did singers Gary Numan and JC Chasez both appear on "The Mickey Mouse Club"?
Which mountain, Nuptse or Gasherbrum III, is tallest?
Who has more middle names, Basil Bunting or Mario Benedetti?
What Australian billionaire owns a yacht built in the Lürssen Yachts yard?
What is the parent company of the company that distributes Afro Samurai in Australia?
Which cathedral has the tallest spire, Wakefield Cathedral or Shrewsbury Cathedral?
Which stand-alone chamber vocal piece was written by an Italian opera composer in 1835?
The company that owns the Brent field is headquartered in what country?
Were Nora Roberts and Terence Rattigan publishing during the same time period?
Which successful American immigrant was born most recently, Varaz Samuelian or Samuel Der-Yeghiayan?
Is it true that both Cycads and Carpentarias are both plants that grow in different regions?
What language does Lyudmila Alekseyevna Pakhomova speak?
Which genus includes more species of flowering plants, Damasonium or Selinum?
Where was the manufacturer of The Republic RC-3 Seabee basedd?
What song, written by Taylor Swift during her freshman year of high school, was included in her third studio album, "Speak Now"?
Which director of a film starring Lindsey Lohan also directed 18 feature films?
What was the given name of the actress that appeared in C.H.U.D. II: Bud the C.H.U.D.?
What book is the movie that George Clooney win a Golden Globe for producing adapted from?
The man who built the and operated the Tucson area locations of the largest restaurant chain in the U.S. throughout the 1960s and 1970s graduated from what high school?
The Hunter is about an agent that is hunting down a marsupial that is native to what countries?
Where are the headquarters of the factory that is near the BBC Radio Derby studio that broadcasts at 1116 AM?
One of five brothers, what nephew of BJJ co-founder became one of the first twelve foreign nationals to have earned a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
What Government document which includes 10 amendments did Richard Bellingham sign?
What language is spoken at both Lipscomb University and University of Debrecen?
In between Eriosyce and Cestrum which one is native to Chile?
Spy Turk features a jaded intelligence officer employed by what service?
Which two members of the boyband NSYNC appeared in the 2001 American Romantic comedy and also sung on the soundtrack released November 3, 2001 via Jive Records?
What is the birth year of this American rapper, singer, song writer, record producer, record executive, and actor who starred in Half Past Dead 2?
Girlfriends and Conditions, are publications of which specific type?
Which is a taller mountain, K2 or Gasherbrum III?
What suburban bedroom community of New York City is the American indie rock band Prawn from?
When was the flag carrier of Hong Kong founded?
Were Lessons of Darkness and Best Friend Forgotten directed by different people?
Will the towers at Manhattan West or 15 Penn Plaza have 2,050,000 square feet of floor space?
What city did Al Capone and Edward J. O'Hare both work in?
What do the Ohio Valley Siouan languages and the Western Siouan languages have in common?
Are Kyi-Leo and Toy Manchester Terrier both breeds of terrier?
Between Hans Weingartner and Aaron Katz, who has won more awards for filmmaking?
Which outdoor athletic stadium built in 1992 in Pasadena, California uses Parkjockey?
Which band has released more singles, Kill Hannah or Sloan?
what does Killers and Paul Di'Anno have in common?
Which movie, starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, did Gregory J. "Greg" Mottola produce?
Sheldon Gilgore served as president of a company that is about 50 miles west of what city?
Who has written songs for Disney with his wife, as well as composed music for the "Kick-Ass" franchise on his own?
Is Ketchikan International Airport or Watertown International Airport further west in the United States?
Which Australian cricketer was born in a town where people can change time zones by crossing the street?
Did Henry Green live longer than Stephen Spender
Who was born on August 10, 1979 and was in the movie Your Highness?
Are Sord Computer Corporation and Apple I both PC manufacturers?
Did Edmund Berkeley market both Geniac and Commodore International ?
Which publication is older, Baseball Digest or 2600: The Hacker Quarterly?
What musical role do Kevin Cronin of REO Speedwagon, and Jimmy Gestapo of Murphy's Law share in their respective bands?
Which 2008 French comedy film is directed, co-written by and starring Dany Boon and is compared to successful film "Ocho apellidos vascos?"
What telephone plug is used by the company which launched under the name Mobilkom Austria?
Between University of Nebraska system and Grinnell College, which one has more campuses?
Pseudosasa and Cerastium, both are related to the grown?
What year was person born who Tyler Dennett wrote about and won the 1934 Pulitzer Prize for?
K. Subash and Ted Kotcheff both worked in what industry?
Both Arthur T. Gregorian and Robert Nalbandyan belongs to which national?
What Canadian astronomer born in 1963 studied minor planets of the solar system?
Which band was formed first, John Popper's band, Blues Traveler, or Rob Parissi's band, Wild Cherry?
Which opera seria by Handel was created first, Orlando or Alcina?
Which band was more wild and rebellious, Pavement or The Nymphs?
Which American author is younger, Nora Roberts or Annie Dillard?
What were Vincent McEveety and Peer Raben known for?
What was the original name of the institution that is currently named after the man who developed the direct current defibrillator for cardiac resuscitation ?
What year was Tyson Kidd's tag team partner in The Hart Dynasty born?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city in which Robert Milton "Bob" Hartsfield was born?
Which building has more floors planned, 15 Penn Plaza or 1166 Avenue of the Americas?
Which mine started production sooner, the Con Mine, or the Giant Mine?
Which is older the Walter Reed Army Medical Center or Howard University Hospital?
which writer has the highest number of completed work Anne Perry or Judy Blume?
Which genus has more species, Darlingia or Borassodendron?
Which plant has more species, Aquilegia or Larrea?
Are both Karelian Bear Dog and Labrador Retrievers known for hunting large animals?
Are both Curacao Punch and the Breakfast martini from Harry Johnson's New and Improved Bartender's Manual?
Ayers rock, situated in the Burrowa-Pine Mountain National Park in Australia, is also called?
Homogentisic acid is found in the what type of Irish tree in Europe?
What type of person does Uhtred of Bebbanburg and Uhtred have in common?
Gasherbrum III, and Ultar are both what types of geographical features?
Olivia Olson played the character Joanna in the 2017 sequel that was directed by whom?
