Alvaro Mexia had a diplomatic mission with which tribe of indigenous people?
The Argentine PGA Championship record holder has won how many tournaments worldwide?
This Celtic ruler who was born in AD 43 ruled southeastern Britain prior to conquest by which empire?
Who has written more than 300 papers, Semyon Aranovich Gershgorin or Pavel Alexandrov?
Which case came first, Craig v. Boren or United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc.?
Which author has won more Pulitzer Prizes, Thomas Friedman or Henri Bergson?
Which director had the longest career, Alain Resnais or Scott Sidney?
which is larger Asante Traditional Buildings or Gulangyu?
Marion Greene was a health policy analyst for St. Judt Medical company, which had how many principal operations worldwide?
Are Ganzhou and Jimo District both located in China?
Which piece did Ludwig van Beethoven publish in 1801 that was dedicated to Count Moritz von Fries?
Approximately how many locations is BJ's Wholesale Club operating in, as of early 2008?
Which airport is busier, Palm Springs International Airport or Trenton–Mercer Airport?
Who has won more Grand Slam women's doubles titles, Lisa Raymond or Liezel Huber?
Roden Brothers were taken over in 1953 by a group headquartered in which Canadian city ?
Carlos Salazar Lomelín is the CEO of which Mexican multinational beverage retailer?
Which band formed first, Awolnation or Foo Fighters?
Richford is a town in Franklin County Vermont governed by what kind of body?
Beena Sarwar is the editor of a peace initiative sponsored by a newpaper based in what city?
Which opera has more acts, Parsifal or Manon by Massenet?
How many species of Hawaiian hibiscus do not have white flowers?
When did the Disney sitcom in which Genevieve Knight "G" Hannelius starred as Avery Jennings end?
Who was elected more times, Daniel Patrick Moynihan or Dennis Kux?
What was the name of the publisher who published "Finnegans Wake" in 1939 by James Joyce
Do Bloody Mary and Sidecar share any ingredients in common?
What pursuit did both Gevork Minaskanian and George Stambolian have in common?
what did the second largest city by population in vietnam also serve as in the first indochina war?
Psychopsis and Aubrieta are both genuses of which type of plants?
In what year did Farda Amiga win a race at the Saratoga Race course?
What is the stage name of the former pornographic actress born in 1981 that co-hosted the 26th AVN Awards?
Which plane has seen more combat, the Northrop F-15 Reporter or the Northrop P-61 Black Widow?
Which Disneyland attraction is Matterhorn Bobsleds roller coaster, an expanded version of
What is the name of the so-called reform opera for Vienna that came before the one first performed in Vienna in the presence of Empress Maria Theresa?
Who won more awards, Brothers Quay or Jake Kasdan?
3 Arts Entertainment had at least one coalition with what streaming service, with its 13-episode, 2015 season of a Tina Fey created sitcom?
What country does Washington Dulles International Airport and Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area have in common?
Who was born first, Sathish Kalathil or Jacques Feyder?
Who produced a 1999 fantasy-comedy directed by Spike Jonze?
Did the Sandy and Beaver Canal remain operational until a later date than the Los Angeles Aqueduct?
What team won the XLII super bowl in their 48th overall season?
Who had more of their English novels turned into Oscar-nominated films, Raja Rao or Pat Conroy?
Who was born earlier, Johnny Lujack or Jim Kelly?
What movie was released at a later date, My Dog Tulip or Monsters vs. Aliens?
Who has won more olympic medals: Angelique Kerber or Amélie Mauresmo?
Which continent are both magazines, Sayidaty and Closer published?
Who was considered more iconic, Charlie Chaplin or Bruce Bilson?
What cartel drug lord with the reputation as "The King of Cocaine" partnered with Jack Carlton Reed to provide drugs to the United States in the 20th century?
Where are Neoregelia and Aloysia known to grow
What German state was Karl Julius Perleb born in?
What was the name of the first biography of Brontë written by the author of Mary Barton?
Did John Updike and Tom Clancy both publish more than 15 bestselling novels?
Charles Coughlin was a controversial Canadian-American Roman Catholic who also started what rumor?
One of the directors of Mediastan is well-known for founding what organisation in 2006?
Which player won more Grand Slam titles, Kevin Ullyett or Billie Jean King?
Drisheen is what type of product made in Ireland and other parts of Europe?
Which Turkish leisure airline started operations under its own AOC in April 2011?
Om and SIx Organs of Admittance are both what?
What Andy Williams' album did a song written by Charles Wesley appear on?
Aughton Park railway station is on a branch of the Northern Line how far from Liverpool?
Have filmmakers Enrico Cocozza and Mira Nair both been nominated for awards for their work?
Jim Jeffcoat is currently an assistant football coach in a university that was founded how many month before Colorado was admitted to the Union ?
BOTH Skyang Kangri and Pumari Chhish are both what?
What song from the fourth studio album made by The Who reached No.4 on the UK charts and No. 19 o nthe U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100?
Who is younger, Martin Luther King III or his brother Dexter?
Which dog breed originates from a region farther east, the Lancashire Heeler or the Russian tracker?
Name the 500 year-old-republic that Florentius was a praetorian prefect for.
Are Ballota and Myosotis both evergreens?
Which was formed first, the duo Big & Rich or Lonestar?
What notable radio personality was born in North Bend, Oregon?
J. Searle Dawley and Ken Annakin were both directors of what?
which nuclear reservation in the United States did the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission acquired Meyers Mill as part of
Where are Catcha Lake and Hedley Mascot Mine located?
Who was the older brother of the leader who asked Juan Romero de Figueroa to remain at his parish?
Which director has had the greater impact on French culture, Jean Vigo or Sri Lankabhimanya Lester James Peries?
Which Walt Disney film was released earlier, The Rescuers or The Muppets?
Did both Slaughter-House Cases and United States v. Darby Lumber Co. involve civil rights law?
Which has more species, Festuca or Dactylis?
Chuck Berry House was where the 1957 hit single that reached what ranking on the R&B singles chart was composed?
Which composer was born first out of Gaspare Spontini and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart?
The genus containing lions also contains several poorly known what?
What is the nationality of the composer of the Opera "Iphigénie en Aulide" ?
What was the profession of elder brother who born on January 24, 1984?
Who directed more films, Leslie Goodwins or Kenneth Webb?
Are Eve Beglarian and Zach Bogosian both of Armenian descent?
An Austrian-British psychoanalyst born in 1882 and innovative in object relations theory was also rigorous about what other type of therapy?
Are Danie Visser and Oliver Marach both Grand Slam tennis tournament winners at doubles?
What man is credited eith inventing both the Leyden jar and the Tribometer?
Who has more singles titles, Brian Gottfried or Peter Fleming?
Which was published first Timothy McSweeney's Quarterly Concern or Scrye?
Which airport is closer to the Atlantic ocean: Wilmington International Airport, or Texarkana Regional Airport?
who has written more than 100 books, Yaşar Kemal or Avram Noam Chomsky?
What is the relationship of Yeshahework Yilma's mother to the man who was Ethiopia's emperor from 1930 to 1974?
Which musical group has released more albums, The Telescopes or Candlelight Red?
which American conglomerate company is a subsidiary of Trump Entertainment Resorts
Where is the location of Liberty Square park in Disneyland California?
Between two bands, Mastodon and Hole, which one has more members?
Who was born more recently, Billy Corgan or Jeff Martin?
Are Ainslee's Magazine and The Australian Women's Weekly both monthly magazines?
Who wrote the film, other than The Good Shepherd, in which Leonard Logsdail appeared as a tailor ?
Are the Chien Français Blanc et Orange and Cretan Hound both used for hunting in packs?
What type of ovulation does the animal formerly known as the pygmy chimpanzee have?
What band is a tribute to a band originally known as the Grizzly River Boys?
Amil Grove appeared in what British tabloid published by News UK?
Did both the Beaulieu Mine and Colomac Mine fall into bankruptcy?
In 2008, who were the two actors stared along with a South Korean actor, singer, and model who won best actor in five prestigious award ceremonies.
Which animal-themed Disney classic film appeared first: That Darn Cat! or Perri?
Both The Badgeman and +44 were bands concieved in which country?
Which rock band has released more albums, Shihad or Morningwood?
Were both Peter Duffell and Fred Niblo actors?
What variety of mockingbird is the mascot of the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga?
Does the band God Lives Underwater or the band The Dear Hunter come from a larger state?
What mixed martial arts promotion that was purchased by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in 2001 used to feature Nate Diaz as a competitor?
What county is Keene High School located in?
Who lived longer, Alejandro Jodorowsky or Philip Saville?
Which host of Straight to the Heart is an American actress and producer?
Which university is further North, University of New Hampshire or Stony Brook University?
Are Milk Lake, Taiwan and Larnaca Salt Lake both located in Asia?
Before composing music for the game which contains Chocobos and Moogles, what cover band was he involved in?
When was the former IBF World title holder born?
What year was the actor son of Jeremiah Porter born?
What judge who was on the show "Dancing with the Stars" was born on the 31st of March, 1963?
What is the name of the series who's first season was released on Netflix on September 22, 2016 and stars actor pronounced as John-a-kite?
How many beer brands are in the portfolio of the company that hired Leonardus (Leo) Petrus Beukeboom to decorate cafes?
Who has more victories Chelsea or Manchester United?
Which lake is located further south, Dal Lake or Waterton Lake?
What is the financial group which created the Sporting Portugal Fund?
Scientific Games Corporation makes the type of games that are composed of what?
Who is still alive today, Franklin Adreon or Ryan Gosling?
Who wrote Bring Me Sunshine and where did they write it?
What is this subfamily within the cat family Felidae named by Reginald Innes Pocock that is descendant of Pseudaelurus?
Were the Commodore 16 and Prológica CP-400 from the same country?
Which director, Chris O'Dea or Lucky McKee, is a Master of Fine Arts graduate of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television?
What Danish sports club based in Copenhagen did striker Søren Lindsted start his career at?
Jessica Jones is a television series created for Netflix, the second in the series of the shows that lead to "The Defenders" miniseries after what show released on Netflix earlier?
Who has worked for more film companies, Kelly Reichardt or Jacques Tourneur?
WHich college is located in the United States, Grand Valley State University or Carleton University?
What Actor whose birth name was Charles Dennis Buchinsky, was part of the Leslie Nielsen comedy?
Which breed of dog was first recognized by their country's official kennel club, the American Hairless Terrier or the Saint-Usuge Spaniel?
When was the author of "Albert Speer: His Battle with Truth" convicted?
Which episode of SpongeBob SquarePants aired first, The Clash of Triton or To SquarePants or Not to SquarePants?"
What season of Gilmore Girls featured an actress as a maid of honor who had also played the role of Winnie Foster?
Are Mirpur University of Science and Technology and University of Debrecen both Universities located outside of the United States?
Who won more academy awards, Joseph L. Mankiewicz or Tony Kaye?
Does Jimmy Barnes have more hits, both solo and in a group, than Yang Seung-ho has with his group?
Are Pago Pago International Airport and Hoonah Airport both on American territory?
Are Couroupita and Graptopetalum plants both native to central America?
Which film was released first, The Watercolor or Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life?
When was the city George Consider Hale was born in founded?
Did Zaza Pachulia win an NBA Championship with the Atlanta Hawks?
Is The Stuff of Legend and Babes in Toyland both entertainment?
What dynasty was the creator of Mouten Cadet wine a part of?
Which is farther west, Sheridan County, Montana or Chandra Taal?
What was the job title of the wife of the director of the film "Aaina?"
RL-83 Blindicide was an improved derivative of a wea[on launcher widely fielded by which army ?
Taylor McNamara played college football at USC a football program that is currently a member of what Conference
The plateau region between the Atlantic Coastal Plain and the main Appalachian Mountains is in what state?
Which university is located more east, Indiana University or University of Pennsylvania?
Wind was directed by which American actress born on March 26, 1960?
Which is founded by a president, University of Washington or University of Virginia?
In which event did Tyson Gay and Rodney Martin both represent the United States at the 2008 Beijing Olympics?
Which occurred first, the first publication of The Ladder or Heat?
Are the movies "Monsters, Inc." and "Mary Poppins" both by the same company?
Who has more scope of profession, Brian G. Hutton or Xawery Żuławski?
Which magazine has more issues per month, Club or Pro Football Weekly
What is another movie the director of Marvel Cinematic Universe's fifteenth film is known for?
Which company has more divisions within it, WPX Energy or Hewlett Packard Enterprise?
Where is the company, which designed the Glomar Challenger, based?
What country of origin does Stan Williams and Adelaide Oval have in common?
Alex Jesaulenko, former Australian rules footballer and coach won the award The Goal of the Year. In what year did he win that award?
Has Lasse Hallström gotten more Academy Award nominations than Dionciel Armstrong?
Palm Springs lies in Palm Beach County, the third most populated county in its state. Which major U.S. city is it near?
Which university has more campuses, Dalhousie University or California State Polytechnic University, Pomona?
Which is farther north, Steel Venom or Wicked Twister?
Is Central Illinois Regional Airport of Jacksonville International Airport further east?
Who was born first, Andy Warhol or Alexander Butler?
Robin R. Bottin is known for his collaboration with an American director and producer who won an Academy Award, Golden Globe and BAFTA award for what movie?
Which has more species, Lysiloma or Hydrocotyle umbellata?
Which was founded first, Dain Rauscher Wessels or Berenberg Bank?
Tigerair is a budget airline and subsidiary of what Singaporean flag carrier?
What property do the films Sweet Crude and Tunisian Victory share?
Do both Lancaster Cathedral and Peel Cathedral belong to the Catholic religion?
The Woodvale Historic District was built buy a company headquartered where?
Does Bazhong or Kaiyuan, Liaoning have a higher population?
When did the third international spin off of Pawn Stars debut?
Which princess of French origin did Conrad IV of Germany married to
Which company owned by a Pakistani media mogul produced the Pakistani romantic drama film Dobara Phir Se?
what 6-story building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980?
Which super bowl that took place at the Miami Dolphins home stadium, featured the San Francisco 49ers defeating the San Diego Chargers?
Are John Tardy and Stza from the same country?
What Cason, CA soccer team features the son of Roy Lassiter?
Are The Man from Snowy River II and Miracle of the White Stallions filmed in different countries?
Which tennis player was born first, Kimberly Po or Leoš Friedl?
Who was born first David Draiman or Terry Kath?
The ninth The Desert Sessions LP was released by by what kind of band?
Which breed of dog has origins outside of the United States, Old German Shepherd Dog or Black Mouth Cur?
Who conducted the negotiations with the owners and the longest serving commandant of Auschwitz concentration and extermination camp?
In what country does the director of Shirin in Love, live?
What characteristics do Rosario Castellanos and Arthur Hailey share?
Which was released later, The Strongest Man in the World, or Roving Mars?
This sister company of Líneas Aéreas Privadas Argentinas is most commonly known by its shortened name Austral?
What machine has the same name as another machine created by Ludwig Boltzmann?
Where are the 17th Street Canal and the Beaver and Erie Canal located?
What Was the name of Juan Manuel Márquez's WBO champion holding younger brother?
In which European language is "Olympischerer" an adjective?
On which 2012 American military science fiction action film, directed by Peter Berg, did Jason Snell work?
Oak Beach, New York and Great South Bay are both situated between what same island?
Which body of water required more intensive man made barriers the Dundee Canal or Lake Worth Lagoon?
Is Ordos City more west than Yangzhong?
What other name is the Moor Park Mansion known as?
Are Stan Lee and Mark Helprin both comic book writers?
A British sports, health and leisure business hosted the World Games on what dates?
George Lucas created what character to raise Boba Fett?
When was the stadium that held the 2015 Magyar Kupa demolished?
"The Parasite" is a kind of text that has how many words?
Are Lycoris and Ammi both native to southern Asia?
"Knock" is an example of fiction by Frederic Brown that has how many words?
What actor was also a president that Richard Darman worked with when they were in office?
Who lived longer Ellen Glasgow or N. Scott Momaday ?
Erving Goffman was cited as higher than a literary critic on which guide?
Were both Léopold Eyharts and Ulrich Walter a General in the French Air Force?
The university where Rolf Martin Theodor Dahlgren worked as a professor has how many employees?
What commentator and author questioned the validity of CORE's non-profit status?
Who was the king of England who became king after the death of his younger brother and whose reign was chaotic due to rivalry with relatives until his own death a few decades later?
In which year was this English singer, songwriter, musician, activist and a co-founder of the Beatles born, whose classmate Bill Harry founded Mersey Beat at Liverpool Art College?
Do Chestnut and Arenga trees both grow in the northern hemisphere?
What animation company produced the first season of an animated television series co-created by Jorge Aguirre?
What Pakistani actor and writer from Islamabad helped write for the 2012 Pakistani comedy drama sitcom, "Coke Kahani"?
