Where is Ulrich Walter's employer headquartered?
Who is the spouse of the Rabbit Hole's producer?
What is the capital of the county that Pine Springs is located in?
Who is the child of the person who followed Tihomir of Serbia?
Where was the spouse of Frances Tupper born?
Who is the spouse of the screenwriter of The Actress?
The city which contains Broadhurst Park shares a border with what town?
Where was Mary's betrothed born?
Where is Assomada located?
Where was the designer of the Lap Engine educated?
Where was the creator of the Lap Engine educated?
What is the capital of the county which contains Hickory Grove Estates, Mississippi?
Who is the child of the cast member of Green Ice?
Who is the uncle of Liu Bin?
Who is the spouse of the producer of Dolores Claiborne?
What kind of recognition did the actor who played the game maker in hunger games receive?
Who is the child of the creator of A Distinguished Member of the Humane Society?
Where did the founder of the Acting Company study?
Who is the spouse of the creator of Absolutely Fabulous?
Who is the spouse of the actress who played the fairy god mother in Shrek 2?
In A League of Their Own, who played the husband of the actress who played Thelma in Thelma and Louise?
In the movie A League of their Own, who played the husband of the person who also played Thelma in the movie Thelma and Louise?
Who is the sibling of the author of Kapalkundala?
Who did the producer of Big Jim McLain play in True Grit?
When does season 4 of the series that The Bag or the Bat is a part of come out?
What worldwide ranking does the university that Pedro Ramirez Vasquez attended hold?
What worldwide ranking is held by Mario Pani's alma mater?
What movement was Vibullia Alcia Agrippina's child a proponent for?
Where is the headquarters of the operator of Operation Entebbe?
Who is the spouse of the person who voices Smokey the bear?
Who is the wife of the actor of Grace's boyfriend in Frankie and Grace?
Who is the spouse of the person who played the sergeant major in We Were Soldiers?
Who is the spouse of the person who does the voice for Smokey the Bear?
What movie did Lauren Bacall's spouse win his only Oscar?
Who is the brother of the artist who made Nothin' My Love Can't Fix's album?
Who is the brother of the Melissa and Joey Theme Song singer?
Who is the sibling of the actor who played Joey on Gimme a Break?
Who is married to the cast member of Carolina Moon?
What is the birthplace of St. Simeon Stylites' author?
Who is daughter to the third Rebbe of Chabad Lubavitch, named after his father?
What league includes the operating group of Al Janoub Stadium?
Who is the spouse of the voice actor of Batman in The Lego Batman Movie?
Who is the spouse of the actress that plays leslie knope on parks and recreation?
Who is the spouse of the actor who voices Batman in the Lego Batman movie?
Who is the spouse of the person who plays Batman in the Lego Batman Movie?
What league includes the sports team that has Maycon Carvalho Inez?
What company is I Dig Love's record label a part of?
When was the country Merewalh was a citizen of abolished?
When was Lady Godiva's birthplace abolished?
Who is the child of Mahmoud Mirza's father?
What gun does the director of Pollock use in Westworld?
What gun does Amy Madigan's spouse used in westworld?
What gun was used by Pollack's director in Westworld?
What did M. King Hubbert's employer announce it was in the process of doing in April 2010?
Which child of the author of One More Time helped adapt it into a play?
What team's player had the most league sacks?
Who is the grandfather of James Mayer de Rothschild?
What movement does the creator of the Washington Monument belong to?
Who is the brother of the Nothin' My Love Can't Fix performer?
Who is the sibling of the screenwriter of War of the Coprophages?
Who is the spouse of the author of Queen of the Elephants?
In The Office, Pam get's together with her husband in which episode?
Who is the spouse of the person who voices Jarvis in Iron Man?
Who is the spouse of the person who voices Jarvis in the Avengers Age of Ultron?
Who is the spouse of the actor that plays vision in avengers age of ultron?
Who is the spouse of the actor that plays Jarvis in the Avengers Age of Ultron?
Who is the spouse of the actor who plays Jarvis in Iron Man?
Who is the spouse of the actor who plays Vision in the new Avengers movie?
Who is the mother of the composer of Jag tror på sommaren?
Who is the chief judge of Friday Osanebi's birthplace?
What religion is Anubis' father part of?
Who did Jokshan's father marry after the death of Sarah?
What year did Allegory of Isabella d'Este's Coronation's creator the Younger die?
Where did the creator of the Allegory of Isabella d'Este's Coronation die?
What was the name of the star of Forced Vengeance in Walter, Texas Ranger?
What was the name of Forced Vengeance's producer in Walker, Texas Ranger?
Who was the father of the leader of the Argonauts in the search for the golden fleece?
Who is the father of the man with the same name as the Big Brother hot dog challenge winner?
Who is the father of the person who fulfilled the warning beware the man with one sandal?
Where was Osbert Sitwell's sibling educated?
Who is the spouse of a cast member of Secrets of a Windmill Girl?
Who is the spouse of the actor who plays Paul in Breakfast at Tiffany's?
Who is the spouse of the actor who played Zeb in How the West was Won?
Who is the spouse of the actor who played hannibal smith in the a team?
Which is the body of water by the birthplace of Christopher Harris?
Which body of water is by Wyndham Hazelton's birthplace?
The Paracel islands are share a province with what city?
Who was the father of Jujhar Singh's father?
In The Godfather Part II, who did the producer of Mistress play?
In The Godfather, who does the producer of Mistress play?
When was the company that makes Skyflash abolished?
Who was the spouse of the leading lady in Gone With the wind?
Who was Suzanne Farrington's mother's spouse?
Who is the female star in Gone with the Wind married to?
Who is the spouse of the actress who plays Scarlett in Gone With the Wind?
Who published Communications of the organization that Andries van Dam is a member of?
Who is the spouse of the creator of The Mighty B?
What is the record label of the Hey Now, You're A Rockstar singer?
What team does the winner of the 2017 BBC African Footballer of the Year play for?
What is the sports team of the Premier League's top scorer last season?
The BBC Footballer of the Year is a member of which team?
The all time top goal scorer in premier league in one season is a member of what team?
Which team is the highest goal scorer in EPL this season a member of?
What team does the 2018 PFA player of the year play for?
What team is the highest goal scorer in the EPL a member of?
Where is the location of the headquarters of the publisher of Bamboo Among the Oaks?
Who plays the wife of the producer of Here Comes the Boom in Grown Ups?
Who is the spouse of the actor playing Bart's father in I can only imagine?
Who is the spouse of the actor who plays the father on I Can Only Imagine?
Who is the spouse of the person who played Father in I Can Only Imagine?
Who is the spouse of the actor of Ethan in A Dog's Purpose?
Who is the spouse of the actor portraying Jerry Lee Lewis in Great Balls of Fire?
Who is the spouse of the other president Jenkins Orphanage played for that wasn't Taft?
When does the new season of the show starring the cast member of Pizza Man start?
How far from Nashville in miles is the place of death of Felix Ives Batson?
How far is Hod Lisenbee's place of death in TN from Nashville?
Where did William Beckford's child die?
In which county was Zhu Qinan born?
What does the acronym of the organization Danish Football Union is part of stand for?
Adolf Overweg died in what geological area?
What is the birthplace of the man who does the voice of Stan on the series that includes the episode The Hobbit?
What is the place of birth of who does the voice of stan on the series that Insecurity is part of?
Who was a host of Who Wants to be a Millionaire who shares the same nationality as the author of The Feminine Mystique?
When was the last time Duane Courtney's team beat the winner of the 1894-95 FA Cup?
When was the last time the team that Terry Twell was a member of beat the 194-95 winner of the FA Cup?
When was the last time George Hollis's team beat the 1894-95 FA Cup winner?
When was the last time the team that Arthur James was a member of beat the 1894-95 FA cup winner?
When was the last time the team that Malcolm Briggs was a member of beat the 1894-95 FA cup winner?
When was the last time Ken Faulkner's team beat the 1894-95 FA Cup winner?
When was the last time the sports team Alan O'Neil was a member of beat the winner of the 1894-95 FA cup?
When was the last time Krystian Pearce's sports team beat the winner of the 1894-95 FA Cup?
When was the last time Johnny Newman's team beat the 1894–95 FA Cup winner?
When was the last time Gary Rowett's team beat the 1894-95 FA Cup winner?
Who owns the record label that The Tri-Tone Fascination's performer belongs to?
Who has the lowest batting average in the league that Jim Wilson's team plays for?
What record label does the spouse of the performer of Somethin' Bad belong to?
Where do greyhound buses leave from in where the headquarters is located of who owns the hard rock hotel in las vegas?
What is the name of the castle in the city where the performer of Sleep is the Enemy was formed?
What is the name of the castle in the city where the headquarters of the production company of Care Bear: Journey to Joke-a-lot is located?
What is the name of the castle in the city where the headquarters of the production company of A Cosmic Christmas is located?
When did the majority party in the body which determines rules of the US House and US Senate gain control of the House?
Where do greyhound buses leave from the in the city where the headquarters of the production company which produced A Cosmic Christmas is located?
What is the name of the castle found in the birthplace of the performer of The Speckless Sky?
What is the name of the castle in the birth city of the performer on the album Maria?
Where do greyhound buses leave from in the location of the headquarters of the production company of Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids?
What is the name of the castle in the city where the headquarters of the production company of Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids is located?
What is the name of the castle in the birthplace of the performer of Bound by the Beauty?
Where do Greyhound buses leave from in the city where Arna Selznick's employer is headquartered?
What is the name of the castle in the birth city of the performer who recorded A Day in the Life?
What is the name of the castle in the city where the performer of A Collection 1984–1989 was born?
Where do greyhound buses leave from in the city where the performer of Darlings was born?
What is the name of the castle in the place where the performer of Dragon Dreams was born?
Where do greyhound buses leave from in the city where the headquarters of Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot's production company is located?
When did the majority party of the branch of government that the President calls to support appointments to the USAF gain control in the House?
What is the name of the castle in the headquarters of the company that employs Arna Selznick?
What is the name of the castle in the city where the performer of Fall was born?
What record label does the spouse of Mama's Broken Heart's performer belong to?
What record label does the spouse of Heart Like Mine's performer belong to?
When did the party with a majority in the body the President calls on for support of his appointments to the USAF gain control of the House?
When did the luxury division of the company that produces TMG EV P001 change the body style of rx 350?
When did the rx 350 model of the luxury division of the company that built Daihatsu boon change body style?
When did the RX 350 from The Hino Dutro creator's luxury division change body style?
When did the maker of the Acura Legend, the company that built Daihatsu Boon, and Nissan open US assembly plants?
When did the maker of the Acura Legend, the manufacturer of Toyopet Master, and Nissan open US assembly plants?
When did Nissan along with the creator of the Hino Dutro and the maker of the Acura Legend open US assembly plants?
When did the maker of Acura Legend, the company that makes Daihatsu Charmant, and Nissan open US assembly plants?
When did Nissan, the HPD ARX-03 maker and the Scion owner open US assembly plants?
When did Nissan, the Acura Legend maker and the top selling car brand open US assembly plants?
When is Celebrity Big Brother coming to the network which, along with ABC and the network which broadcasted The Chisholms, is the other major broadcaster based in NY?
What treaty ceded territory to the US extending west to the body of water by the location of the Minikahda Club?
The city where the river that Merchants Bridge crosses over is the capital of which county?
Who was the British general in the birthplace of the performer of Here Come the Girls?
Who was the British general in the Battle of the city where Toussaint's performer was born?
What is the manufacturer of the Kentucky Tavern headquarters location saints symbol called?
How many times did the plague occur in the city where the painter of The Bacchanal of the Andrians died?
How many times did the plague occur in the place of death of the creator of La Schiavona?
Where did Katrina hit the hardest in the Toussaint performer's birthplace?
How many times did plague occur in the place of death of the creator of the Malchiostro Annunciation?
How many times did the plague occur in the place of death of the creator of The Punishment of Tythus?
How many times did plague occur in the place where Venus with a Mirror's creator died?
How many times did the plague occur in the birth place of Concerto in C Major Op 3 6's composer?
What is the name of the famous bridge in the place of birth of who composed the Concerto in C Major Op 3 6?
Why did Roncalli leave the city where the painter of Venus with a Mirror died?
Why did Roncalli leave the place where artist who made The Bacchanal of the Andrians died?
Why did Roncali leave the place of death of the creator of Malchiostro Annunciation?
When did the headquarters city of the Blanton's manufacturer elect its first black mayor?
Why did Roncalli leave the city where the creator of La Schiavona died?
Why did Roncalli leave the city where the creator of The Worship of Venus died?
Why did Roncalli leave the place of death of the maker of The Gozzi Altarpiece?
Why did Roncalli leave the place of death of The Punishment of Tythus' creator?
What is the name of the famous bridge in the place of birth of the composer of La fida ninfa?
How many times did the plague occur where the creator of The Entombment died?
How many times did plague occur in the place of death of the creator of Violante?
What is the name of the famous bridge in the birthplace of Gloria in D Major's composer?
How many times did plague occur in the birth city of the composer of La fida ninfa?
How many times did plague occur in the birthplace of La Silvia's composer?
How many times did plague occur in the birth city of the composer of Nulla in mundo pax sincera?
What is the name of the famous bridge in the birth city of the composer of Scanderbeg?
What is the name of the famous bridge in the city where the composer of La Silvia was born?
Where is the Bridge of Sighs located in the place of death of Sonata pian'e forte's composer?
How many times did plague occur in the birthplace of the composer of Gloria in D Major?
How many times did plague occur in the place where Vanity's creator died?
What is the name of the famous bridge located in the birthplace of the composer of Nulla in mundo pax sincera?
What is the name of the famous bridge in the city where the composer of La costanza trionfante degl'amori e de gl'odii was born?
What is the name of the famous bridge in the birthplace of Bajazet's composer?
How many times did plague occur in the place where Bajazet's composer was born?
Why did Roncalli leave the place where Crucifixion's creator died?
Why did Roncalli leave the city where the creator of The Entombment died?
Why did Roncali leave the city where the creator of Vanity died?
Where did they film The Beach in the country where Bodindecha died?
Where did they film The Beach in the country where Siddhi Savetsila was born?
Where in the country where Bodindecha was born was The Beach filmed?
Where did they film The Beach in the country where Pao Sarasin was born?
Where was the film The Beach filmed in the country where Pao Sarasin was born?
Where did they film The Beach in the country where Ercole Manfredi died?
What year did the country where Pao Sarasin was born form an alliance with Japan?
What mountain can you see from Portland in the state where Knob Mountain is located?
What year did the country that includes the birth city of Bodindecha form an alliance with Japan?
What does the US believe caused the country where Bodindecha was born to help Japan?
Who did the team the Detroit Tigers beat in 1935 to win their first world series beat in the event before the MLB MVP award was given out last year?
When did the state, that contains the county where Raven Creek is located, reinstate the death penalty?
When did the state where Copake Lake is located reinstate the death penalty?
What was the form of the language that the last name Sylvester comes from, used in the era of the man crowned Roman Emperor in AD 800, later known as?
When did the state where Kashinka Hollow is located in reinstate the death penalty?
When did the state where Coles Creek is located reinstate the death penalty?
When did the state that Frozen Run is located in reinstate the death penalty?
When did the state, that contains the county where Elmo is found, reinstate the death penalty?
When was the death penalty reinstated in the state that contains the county where Howard Mill is located?
Where did who argued that the country of citizenship of Yuri Kleschev had itself become an imperialist power declare that he would intervene in the Korean conflict?
Where did the arguer that Nadezhda Tkachenko's country of citizenship had become an imperialist power declare he would intervene in the Korean conflict?
Where did the arguer that Kirill Eskov's country of citizenship had become an imperialist power declare he would intervene in the Korean conflict?
What does the U.S. believe caused the country where the birthplace of Yaovabha Bongsanid is located, to help Japan?
What year did the Governor of the city where the basilica named after the same saint as the one that Mantua Cathedral is dedicated to die?
When did the place of death of the author of Quadragesimo Anno become its own country?
What was the wettest year of the administrative territorial entity that contains the administrative territorial entity where Drexel Heights is located?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat constructed in the city where Martin from the region where Codo is located died?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat built in the city in which died the man called Martin of the region of Spain where Bijuesca is located?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat constructed in the city where Martin from the region where Trasobares is located died?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat constructed in the place of death of Martin, of the region that contained Bordalba?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat in the city where Martin of the region where Urries is located constructed?
When was the construction of the Palau de la Generalitat in the place of death of Martin, of the region that contained Isuerre?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat constructed in the city where Martin of the place where Castiliscar is located died?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat constructed in the city where Martin from the region where Erla is located died?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat built in the place of death of Martin, of the region containing Piedratajada?
When was the Palau de la Generalitat constructed in the city where Martin of the region of Pedrola died?
What treaty ceded territory to the US extending west to the body of water by the city where the designer of Southeast Library died?
Country A developed the ZH-29 and invaded Country B because their military branch that the Air Defense Artillery is a branch of was unprepared. Country B was the only communist country to have an embassy where?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county whose seat is the city WAPL is licensed to broadcast to?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county that contains the birthplace of Erik Jensen?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where the band Tenement was formed?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where WAPL is licensed to broadcast?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county in which Amy McKenzie was born?
What is the capital of the county, that shares a border with the other county, that includes the city where Main Hall is located?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county with a town to which KRSU is licensed to broadcast?
What city is the capital of the county, that shares a border with the other county, that contains the city where Western Islands is headquartered?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county in which J.P. Hayes was born?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where Pierce Manufacturing's headquarters are located?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where Don Werner was born?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county in which J. P. Hayes was born?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county in which Valley New School is located?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county whose capital is the birthplace of Erik Jensen?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county where Western Islands is headquartered?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where the headquarters of Pierce Manufacturing is located?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county in which Miller Electric is headquartered?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where KRSU is licensed to broadcast?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county where Don Werner was born?
What is the seat of the county sharing a border with the county where Miller Electric is headquartered?
A country gained control of Florida after the war in which Charles Edmund Nugent saw action. Besides their locations in that country, what other differences are there between Real Madrid and the football team from the city where Aleran died?
Where are the headquarters of the Radio Television, of the country whose co-official language was used in the film named after the city where Slavko Šurdonja?
What county shares a border with the county where the singer of Hungry Eyes from the movie Dirty Dancing was born?
Which county shares a border with the county where the city in which the original singer of All By Myself was born is located?
What county shares a border with the other county, that contains the city, where the singer of Hungry Eyes in the movie Dirty Dancing, was born?
What county shares a border with the county where the performer of Change of Heart was born?
What county shares a border with the county where She Did It's performer was born?
What county shares a border with the county where the birthplace of Tonight You're Mine's performer is located?
What county shares a border with the other county, that contains the city, that is the birthplace of the performer of Never Gonna Fall in Love Again?
How were people from whom new coins were a proclamation of independence by the Somali Muslim Ajuran Empire expelled from the natural boundary between Thailand and Ban Kenpha's country?
How were people from whom new coins were a proclamation of independence by the Somali Muslim Ajuran Empire expelled from the natural boundary between Thailand and A Magne's country?
How were people from whom new coins were a proclamation of independence by the Somali Muslim Ajuran Empire expelled from the natural boundary between Thailand and Nahe mine's country?
How were the same people who the Somali Muslim Ajuran Empire declared independence from expelled from the natural boundary between Thailand and the country where Nam Theun is found?
How were people from whom new coins were a proclamation of independence by the Somali Muslim Ajuran Empire expelled from the natural boundary between Thailand and Tham Pha's country?
When was the region immediately north of the region where Israel is located and the final destination for the export crops created?
When was the region that lies to the north of where Israel is located and where the most growth in desalination for agricultural use is taking place created?
When was the region is immediately north of what used to be known as the "Near East" and the location of Operation Earnest Will created?
When was the region that lies to the north of what where Israel is located and the body of water where Kharg Island is found created?
When was the region immediately north of the region where Israel is located and the location of the Battle of Qurah and Umm al Maradim created?
When was the kingdom lying immediately to the north of the region prevailing with "Near East" disgrace and the region having the most growth in desalination for agricultural use created?
When was the region that lies to the north of the where Israel is located and the location of Shamal created?
When was the region that lies to the north of where Israel is located and the location of Operation Earnest Will established?
When was the region that lies to the north of the region Israel is located and where The World is located created?
When was the region that lies to the north of the region Israel is located and where the Battle of Qurah and Umm al Maradim is took place established?
The country in what was the Near East and bordering the sea over which shamal winds blow was established when?
When was the region immediately north of the region home to Israel and the location of Operation Earnest Will established?
When was the region that lies to the north of what used to be known as the "Near East" and the location of Operation Earnest Will established?
When was the region immediately north of the region where Israel is located and the final destination for the export crops established?
When was the region immediately north of the region prevailing with the disgrace of the Near East and the site of the most growth in desalination for agricultural use established?
When was the region immediately north of the region where Israel is located and the site of the most growth in desalination for agricultural use established?
When was the region that lies to the north of where Eyal Golan is located and the Persian Gulf created?
When was the region immediately north of the region where the country that secured southern Lebanon is located and the Persian Gulf established?
The country that Eyal Golan is from lies within a certain region. When was the area that lies immediately to the north of that region established?
When was the region immediately north of the region where the country in which Aluf can be found is located and the Persian Gulf established?
In which county is the city sharing a border with the capitol of the state that won the Battle of Sullivan's Island?
In what county is the city that shares a border with the capital of the state where Levi Casey was born?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where Washington State Prison can be found is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where WDXQ can be found is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where the Dukes of Hazzard took place is located?
What county borders the county with the largest city in the state where Birth of a Nation was filmed?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where season 8 of The Walking Dead was filmed is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where WSFN can be found is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where WEKL operates is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the other state that sent Tennessee the most tourists in 2013 is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where Redan High School is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state where armed robbery is a capital crime is located?
Which county shares a border with the county where the most populous city in the state that sentenced Demarcus Sears to death is located?
When was the most recent Bicycle Friendly Community Award given to the city where the headquarters of the only group larger than the company BMG partnered with in 2005-07?
When did the town WLUJ is licensed in become capitol of the state where Brantley York was born?
When did the city that WIZE is licensed to broadcast to, become the capital of the state, that contains the county where the Battle of Rich Mountain occurred?
When did the town WIZE is licensed in become capitol of the state where Jackson Township is located?
When did the town WIZE is licensed in become capitol of the state where Stoney Creek Township is located?
When did the town WIZE is licensed in become capitol of the state where Ward Township is located?
When did the birthplace of the Live and Beyond performer become the capitol of the state Knowles was from?
When did the birthplace of Ah Via Musicom's performer become the capital of the state Knowles is from?
When did the city where Souvenir's performer was born become the capitol of the state Knowles was from?
When did the town WIZE is licensed in become capitol of the state where Green Township is located?
When did the town WIZE is licensed in become capitol of the state where Brantley York was born?
What area shares a border, with the city that was the work location of an individual, who went to the U.S. state with a Mediterranean climate, during the Gold Rush?
What shares a border with the city where the person who went to the state where most billionaires in America live during the gold rush works?
When does daylight savings end in the country near the country where the author of The Book Thief is from?
How many stars are on the flag of the nation that first participated in the 1952 Olympics, located near the citizen country of the author of the 2005 novel Thief?
What continent is the country located near the country of citizenship of The Book Thief's author part of?
When was the death penalty abolished in the country near the country where the writer of The Book Thief is a citizen of?
During WW2, who was the leader of the country near the country of citizenship of the writer of The Book Thief?
Where was Popper's academic appointment in the country near the country of citizenship of the person who wrote The Book Thief?
When did the Dutch arrive in the country near the country where the author of The Book Thief is a citizen of?
Who discovered the country near the country of citizenship of the author of The Book Thief for the Dutch?
When did the political party that favored harsh punishment of southern states after the Civil War, gain control of the House?
What region is to the north of what used to be known as Near East and the body of water between east africa and Arabian Peninsula?
What is the average winter daytime temperature in the region containing Richmond, in the state where WUSH operates?
What is the average winter daytime temperature in the region where Richmond is found, in the state where the Battle of Fredericksburg was fought?
The leader visiting where Steven Spielberg's grandparents are from met with whom on November 22?
What is the average winter daytime temperature in the region containing Richmond, in the state where WXBX is located?
What is the average daytime temperature in the region where Richmond is found, in the state where WGCK-FM is located?
