What is the country where Nissedal is located named after?
Where was the performer of Count 'Em 88 born?
What was the first name at birth of the person who described the Anglican church as "our beloved sister Church"?
On what date did the publisher of Chick Chick Boom unveil its new systems?
When did the distributor of Compromising Positions announce the remastered release of Star Trek for TV?
In what county is the town where Peter M. Neal died?
How did the Japanese win the country where Tongxia is located?
In 1992 who was elected president of the home country of the football club TP Molunge?
What is the language of the film A Kiss from the producer of Less Than the Dust?
What is the seat of the county in which Walnut Grove, a city in the state where Christina Yang goes in season 9, is located?
Who founded the facility where Robert John Godfrey received his education?
What city shares a border with Ferdinand Frantz's birthplace?
Who was the first leader of the independent nation where AS Makinku plays?
What kind of route do buses use for service in the neighboring place of Al Herman's place of birth?
Who is the model on the music video by the performer of "Watch Dem Roll"?
In which county is the birthplace of the author of A Short History of Nearly Everything?
What is the body of water by the city where Karl-Heinz Metzner died?
When did Swedish become the official language of the country having Embassy of France in the death city of Ernst Trygger?
Who is the current mayor of the city located in the county that also holds the community of Laurel?
When did the military branch that Arthur Bliss served in invade the island?
What county borders the community of Dean which shares a county with New Germany?
By what name is the brahmaputra known in Bangladesh and the traditional homeland of Monpa, Qiang and Lhoba peoples?
Who is the spouse of Seconda B's director?
The Joan Lui director's birthplace is an important transportation node in which country?
Which episode of Doctor Who had the creator of La Mousmé?
Who founded what became the birthplace of the director of Indian Summer?
Who's the dad of the sculptor who made The Sleeping Hermaphroditus?
What range is Humboldt peak in the state where Range Creek flow into a part of?
What record label does the songwriter who wrote you can't make old friends sign?
What county shares a border with the county containing Johnson Township?
In which county of the state where the Hello Love performer lived when he died is Dill located?
Which Cuban legend was born in 1925 in the city where Rene Portocarrero died?
In what country is the administrative territorial entity that is found in the city where Schloss Favorite is located?
Who was the father of Aparajito's screenwriter?
In what county is the city where the acoustic duo Poema formed?
Who is the Chief of Police of the city where the performer of Happiness died?
When did trolley buses stop running in the city where Godfrey Tanner died?
What is John Strohmayer's birthplace the capital of?
In which county was Sherry Mangan born?
What cigars are named for the capitol of the country where Granma is located?
When was the person on the back of the bicentennial quarter appointed the general of the military branch James Mitchell Varnum served in?
How many Americans live in the country Kasongo Lunda is located?
What city is the birthplace of the producer of When Taekwondo Strikes?
What is the currency used in the country of citizenship of the performer of Never in a Million Years?
What administrative territorial entity is the residence of Hands Clean's performer located?
What is the name of the airport in the city where District 3 is located?
who plays michael myers in halloween by the performer in Two-Lane Blacktop?
How high is the highest point in the city where Emanuel Ringelblum died?
When did the performer of My Prerogative release her first album?
Which major conflict did the author of The Long Week-End participate in?
When did trolleys stop running in Nigel Stock's birthplace?
When did the state that owns Aloha Stadium become a part of the U.S.?
How many theater companies are in residence in the city where the owner of the Internet Movie database is headquartered?
Where is the Mausoleum of Centcelles located?
What consortium of schools is the college that Stanley King went to a member of?
Jack Brennan served in a military organisation founded by who?
What day did the publisher of Picopict unveil the new systems?
In which county and state is Mel Dinelli's place of birth?
The leader of the Luftwaffe aligned with Germany with a country that is what constituent of a supranational organisation?
In which country is the International College in the city where the creator of paintings named for the birthplace of Shurooq Amin was born?
Who founded the maker of the Dacia Sandero?
Who founded the employer of Eric Fenby?
Who founded the company that makes the engine for Red Bull F1?
Where did George IV of the country the company Virgin Galactic is part of is from die?
What instrument did the singer of If I Could Change the World study?
What language is used by the director of Thenum Vayambum?
During the Crisis of the Late Middle Ages, what major conflict occurred in the continent on which the mouth of Tikhaya Sosna is located?
Where did George IV of the country where the Triumph Roadster's manufacturer is located die?
What country is the functional constituency of the screenwriter of Rice Rhapsody's birthplace a part of?
What is the size of the place where the lyricist of The Scottsboro Boys died in square miles?
How is the human rights record of the country where FC Kyzylzhar is based, compared to the rest of the world?
What district does Qaleh Now-e Khaleseh belong to in the city Hamid Rahmanian was born?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor was a citizen and the country home to Al-Sabboura?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where the appreciation medals were minted?
What is the country of citizenship of the performer who sings with the performer of Hold On Hold Out, on the song Stay?
In which country is the Embassy of Poland located in the city where the director of The Girl with the Pistol was born?
How far from the city with the highest cost of living in the nation is Stanford?
In which county did John R. Baldwin die?
Who claimed a homeland in parts of Turkey, Iran, and the country where the mother of Uday Hussein was born?
Where did the person who studied the shapes of crystals died?
By which century did the city where the director of The Day of the Locust was born start becoming a prominent capitol city?
In what year did the first settlers move to the state that contains the school where David Maister received his education?
What does the acronym of the agency that employed Melvin Purvis stand for?
Who, dropping out of the university employing the person developing Isokon Long Chair, became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
Who is the child of the last president to be impeached from the country where Beverly is located?
When did cable cars start in the city where Richard Purvis died?
When was the first mall built in the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer?
How many square miles is the state that houses the university that Joseph L. Badaracco attended?
What shares a border with the county that contains Metamora Township?
Who claimed a homeland in parts of Turkey, Iran and the country where Qusay Hussein's mother was born?
What genre of music is Kanye credited for with his shift away from the genre Abd al Malik is known for?
By what century did Buddhism disappear from much of the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer?
How many UNESCO World Heritage sites in the United Kingdom are in the country of citizenship of the author of Oberon, the Faery Prince?
When does monsoon season end in the death state of Buddy Stewart?
What county is Clayton in the state where the 49ers quarterback when to college located in?
How many Jews live in the continent which contains a government where phonology is popular and a country where the Dutch reformed church came from?
What was the first hotel built in the largest city in the southeastern part of the state containing the Humboldt Range?
Who, dropping out of the university attended by the gold spike's owner in the city headquartering R&R Partners, became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
When did education become free in the country being the major power recognizing Gaddafi's government at an early date along with the country having Eisenhower's vice president as a president?
When was the ferris wheel built in the city where Celtic Requiem's performer was born?
How many of the people that new student were once called live in the South American country Magdolna Purgly is from?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor was a citizen and the country home to Al-Nayrab?
What was the record label of the producer of Live: Take No Prisoners?
In what region of the country is the state where Daryl Doran was born?
What is the main international airport in the city where John III, former ruler of the country where Floda is located, died?
Who is the sibling of the director of Yellow Lily?
Where is the headquarters of the social company who proclaimed Beyonce fans are known as the Bey Hive?
When was the first mall built in the country with the city where Sooni Taraporevala was born?
Who is the current mayor of the city that shares a border with Laurel?
Who was head of the country in which the Prinz Methusalem composer held citizenship?
What military branch is the person who signed the treaty to purchase the state where Felix Pedro is from from Russia from?
What is the name of the Doctor Who episode featuring the creator of A Road at Saint-Remy with Female Figure?
What is the largest cathedral in the city containing the school that educated the man who studies accents at the University of Pennsylvania?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where Andrea Kremer was born?
The Live and Learn song's group's country has foreign inhabitants from a country where a chemical attack took place on what date in 2017?
The Polish Embassy in the city where Lucrezia Borgia's father died is in which country?
Who is the cast member of NASCAR on the original broadcaster of the drama having 97 Seconds?
When did the operator of RMS Oceanic go out of business?
When did the Oakland Raiders move to the city where the performer of Sk8er Boi works?
When was the most recent Super Bowl Willie Ellison's team played in?
Where does the eastern time zone change in the state where the Hello Love performer lived at the time of his death?
What date was the start of the season of Grey's Anatomy where Eric died?
What did Macau and the residence of the director of Prince of Tears call the Korean War?
What word was the name of the country where Harestua is located, derived from?
Who is the spouse of the original singer of How Sweet It Is To Be Loved By You?
Where does the snake river in Charlie Weaver's birthplace start?
Who was elected president of the country Bafwasende is located in 1992?
What is the pyramid building in the city where Richard Purvis died?
What instrument does the guitarist who played the preacher in the film tommy play?
Who plays Michael Myers in the version of Halloween directed by the performer who released Educated Horses?
What county does the county containing Clinton Township share a border with?
Where was the author of Our Films, Their Films educated at?
How many non-Hispanic whites lived in 2012 in the city where Sky Hook's creator died?
When did WWII end in the country where the screenwriter of Il pranzo della domenica was a citizen?
What word was the country where the island of Kvaløya is found, named after?
How much did oil and gas exploration and production make up the gross product of the residence city of the performer of Relentless?
What is the body of water by the city where The London Concert performer died?
Who played the writer of "Lewis Boogie" on walk the line?
In which county did Charles I. Barber die?
Who is current PM of the country where Qusay Hussein's mother is a citizen?
When was the person on the back of the bicentennial quarter appointed general of the military branch served in by Isaac Huger?
What year was the conquest of the city where Gioffre Borgia's father died?
In the administrative territorial entity where the place of birth of Elisha R. Potter is located, what county is a border shared with?
Where was the director of Sikkim educated?
Who founded the music school where Rodney Friend was educated?
When did the British company, that repaired grand trunk road from Calcutta to Delhi, take over India?
What are the roles of Muslims across the country where the director of The Mystic Masseur was born?
In 2008, what was the population of the city where Spectre filming moved after leaving the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What position was held by the last president to be impeached in the country where the Chinese takeout box was invented?
The Yellow House's painter was in which Doctor Who episode?
What Cuban legend born in 1925 shares a birthplace with Brunet Zamora?
Who did the team that Gordie Pladson was on play in the World Series last year?
Where is the headquarters of the social media site which was used for complaining about the Indian censoring located?
Who is the child of the last president of the country where Brouilletts Creek Township is located to be impeached?
Where is Dehli located in the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer?
How many Smithsonians are in the city where the performer of My Main Man died?
Who is the sibling of the director of Tragedy in the House of Habsburg?
Who was the first leader of the independent country where FC Mwangaza is located?
What county is next to the California county containing Ranch House Estates?
Where did the German campaign take place in the country where Ambriz is found?
What is the country of citizenship of the actor who plays John in Meet Me in the Hyman B. Samuels birthplace?
Where was the producer of Jalsaghar educated?
Who founded the university that Frederick Corder attended?
What is the largest lake in the country bordered by The Rhine and adjacent to the country of citizenship of the composer of Aschenbrödel?
What was the release date of the iphone 6, designed by the developer of Logic Studio?
What city is Jacques Alexandre Bixio's birth place located?
When was the ferris wheel built in the city where the author of A Very Woman died?
What region encompasses Scratch's birth place?
When did the state where Rolando Martin was born make Anglicanism its established religion?
What was the country where Karmsund Bridge is located named for?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the birthplace of One-Upmanship's performer?
When does it start to snow in the capital of the country where AGT is from and where Feodor I died?
Who beat the winner of the most men's singles titles in the Australian Open in the US Open?
Who founded the employer of Simon Bainbridge?
who picks the prime minister in the country the company that owns Virgin Holidays Cruises is from?
Liberty Township's county borders which other county?
What is the official name of the country having President of the country containing the birth place of Silvio Ceccato?
Who was the spouse of the performer who released Frankly Sentimental?
In the passion of the christ, who plays the sower in the parable of the sower?
In which county is the city where John Paul died?
What is the population of the city Ngo Dinh Diem died?
In which county is John Walter Farmstead located?
Where was the Live in Paris 1992 performer born?
Who is the current mayor of the city located in the county were East Highland Park is?
In 2018, who was elected mayor of the place Sure of You takes place in?
What county contains the neighborhood where Frank B. Fay died?
One comprehensive school established on the island with Pengorffwysfa is what?
At what university was the screenwriter of Goopy Bagha Phire Elo educated?
Who did the actor who was Aslan's voice in Narnia, play in Star Wars?
When did the country the leader of the Luftwaffe aligned Germany with surrender to the Allies in WWII?
What county has the city that shares a border with the place of death of Al Herman, as its capital?
Who is the spouse of the original singer of My Way?
In 1992, who was elected president of the country where the town of Basoko is located?
Romanino died in the city which has who as the current mayor?
What guarantees the fundamental rights in the country Sooni Taraporevala's birthplace is found?
In what year what the place of death of the screenwriter of The Venetian Woman conquered?
When was the Excalibur built in the large city in the southeastern part of the state where Humboldt Range is located?
How many Americans live in the country where the town of Gangala-na-Bodio is located?
What is the undergraduate enrollment at the school where the director of Results was educated?
Who did the star of the movie Taken play in Star Wars?
When did Freaky Friday featuring the Take You Down performer come out?
What metropolitan area is the city where John Pounds died part of?
What percentage of the GDP is agriculture in the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer?
What is the capital of the county which contains the community of Lone Hickory which is also located in the state whose capital is Raleigh?
How old do you have to be to buy a handgun in the state where Monroe Township locates?
What is the city where Aqeel Khan lives the capitol of?
What was the position of the person who served as a minister to the country that colonized Nigeria and who negotiated a treaty in 1795?
How did the political union that St. Barts joined in 2012 rank the economy of the nation where Wengen, and the birthplace of Fränzi Aufdenblatten are located?
Who founded the school Richard Bissill attended?
What is the country of citizenship of the spouse of Aunt Sally's director?
When were the mosaics at the church where the Salonika Agreement took place created?
Where was the screenwriter of Aparajito educated at?
How far is Raleigh from the city that is in the administrative territorial entity that also contains Laurel?
What was the country where Konrad Sundlo was from named after?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina of the country where the university where Gustav Herglotz worked is located?
In which military branch did the prime minister when we joined the common market serve?
What is the country containing the administrative territorial entity where Vittoriale degli italiani can be found, an instance of?
Who are the primary targets of terrorist attacks within the country of the actor who starred in The Horsemen?
Who played the Last Man Standing singer in Walk the Line?
What is the capital of the country in the same continent as Aruba, that was once governed by the nation containing Prazeres?
What is the unit of currency in the country that has the After the Morning performer as one of its citizens?
In what year was the city where the director of Bad Girls Don't Cry died conquered?
In which county is the Manning Bowl located?
What was the function of the Pantheon in the birthplace of the father of John XI?
What is the size in square miles of the place where the lyricist of Zorba died?
What administrative territorial entity contains the place where Olivvier Durocher died?
Kanye is credited for the shift away from what genre containing the song Opaque?
When was the brand opened in Vasily Zuyev's birthplace?
how old do you have to be to buy alcohol in the state with the city where daisy grew up in the great gatsby?
How many medals does the country Abel Kirui is from have in gold?
What job did the creator of Pietà for Vittoria Colonna have?
What county is the city where Shelia Burrell was born a part of?
What leader sponsored the expedition that discovered the country where Cidade Velha is located?
Who is the child of the last president to be impeached from the country where the Chinese takeout box was invented?
What city shares a border with Eberhard Taubert's birthplace?
In 2011, who became the CEO of the record label that released Dance?
What is the name of the castle in the city where Jaroslav Drobny is from?
Who is the original broadcaster of NHL and Cos?
Who produced the film about Crocodile Dundee in the Jigsaw film's director's birth city?
What language group includes the the old version of the language used by Khaqani?
Who was the spouse of the person who performed If I Should Die Tonight?
Where are most skyscrapers located in Madame Sousatzka's director's birth city?
Which region shares border with one where Perry Township is located?
What is the origin of the name of the country where the municipality of Brønnøy is found?
Who is the sibling of Maria Leopoldina of the country that shares Lake Constance with Germany and the country the von Trapp family escapes to in Sound of Music?
When did the school where Donald Worster attended start issuing degrees in engineering?
Who discovered the city where the producer of "Black or White" is from?
Where did the star in Angel in My Pocket film the opening scene?
What is the largest employer in the birthplace of Black or White's producer?
What did the employer of the sibling of Aung San Oo name "The Trusteeship Of The Powerful?"
Where does Plymouth rank in population among the cities of the country having a gallery displaying the painting named The Woman Taken in the main subject of milkman joke?
The shift away from what genre of music that Setä Tamu performs is Kanye credited for?
The city where Miho Klaić died is the capital of what county?
When is the dry season in the country where AS Mabela a Bana is based?
Who picks the prime minister in the country of citizenship of the person who was the Secretary of State for Education in 1970?
When did the first settlers come to where Jean-Louis Scaringella attended college?
What county contains the village of Khosrowabad, in the city where Ardeshir Zahedi was born?
Which body of water is by the place where Sergei Diaghilev resides?
Who became the first Emperor of the empire centered on the city where Lucrezia Borgia's father died?
Which county shares a border with the county in which Union Township is located?
What is the birth county of Norman Levinson?
Where did the creator of Ode to Joy die?
What county shares a border with the county Chinatown is located?
Who founded the university Dorothy Bond attended?
Which county border the county where New Burlington is located?
What is the lengthier name of the school where Edward McKeever was educated?
What Cuban legend was born in 1925 in the city where Agustin Cardenas died?
What did the organization that the country Sheker is located is a member of name "The Trusteeship Of The Powerful"?
What did the agency that Kaindy's country is a member of name "The Trusteeship Of The Powerful"?
In what city did the author of Quincas Borba die?
When did operation begin of the first tube station in the birthplace of the monarch who ejected the Benedictines in 1559?
What state has Sheet Harbour and Dalhousie Mountain?
When did the Soviet Union seal off the city where the cast member of Variety died?
What percentage of the gross product of the city where the comedian behind Dangerous lives is from oil and gas?
In what county is the birth city of Linda McCarriston?
When was the performer of The Final Frontier founded?
Who was married to the singer of Concepts?
What was the place containing the community Lone Hickory in the state where the senator chosen by John Kerry as his Vice Presidential candidate hails named after?
Where was the guy who devised Mock Turtle born?
What cigars are named for the capital of the island where Hipólito Ramos is from?
Where are most of the skyscrapers located in the birthplace of the director of Eye for an Eye?
How many square miles is the state that houses the alma mater of David Maister?
What is the birthplace of the author of Standing for Something?
When was the last time Dontari Poe's team went to the superbowl?
What is the average summer temperature in the place on the map where Don Ebert was born?
When was the birthplace of I'll Wait for You's performer established as a city?
The star of A Monster Calls earlier played what role in Star Wars?
How many museums are in the city headquartering Left and Democrats?
What is the main international airport in the city where John III, of the country where Hosk grew up, died?
How long does the high speed train take from Shanghai to the city where the spouse of Zhuo Lin died?
When did the country where the city where Steven Blankaart was born is located refuse to surrender Namibia?
Who is the spouse of the director of L'aube à l'envers?
Where was the creator of the White Rabbit born?
Who is the 2017 president of the organization where the US and the country that invented the first satellite became important members?
When was the creator of the sculpture based on the person Jean-Baptiste is named after born?
What percent of the population was non-indigenous visible minorities in 2006 in the country where the artist behind 2 1/2 Years hosted a television series?
When did the Y. pestis reach the country of citizenship where the author of The Devil is an Ass is from?
What military branch did the Prime Minister of Britain when it joined the common market serve in?
What's the ending date of Battle of Liegnitz?
The Crawford House was what type of business in the place where the artist behind Jyothi was born?
What is the episode of Doctor Who which involved a portrayal of the painter of Wheatfield with Crows?
Who was in charge of the country having Lake Constance together with Germany and the country housing the villages of Wengen and the one having Monte Rosa Hotel?
Who is the mayor of the city where Bob Hoffman was born?
Who's the spouse of the lyrist of Got to Give It Up?
What magnitude earthquake struck the national physical laboratory in India on September 2011?
When is dry season in the country where Barkly Baruti is a citizen?
Who was the first national leader of the country that includes Niemba?
The country for Himmelbla was named for whom?
What is the most popular hotel in Michael Lerchl's birthplace?
In what year of the 19th century saw the conquest of the city where the director of Husband and Lovers died?
When did the state where James M. Cumpston died pass their no smoking laws?
How many miles northwest of Jon Monday's birthplace is Stanford University located?
Where did the person who propagated the theology of the man who described the Anglican church as "our beloved sister Church" during his papacy die?
What has been the biggest terrorist attack by the group labeled as the "war on terror" by Bush in the country that produces the most cheese in the world?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where Roberts Vaux died?
In what conflict did the Japanese win the country where The Heirloom originated?
Who dropped out of the school that educated the owner of the Gold Spike, located in the 1997 home of KMXB, and became known as the founder of public relations?
Who was married to the singer of Nothing But the Best?
Where did the writer of In the Hall of the Mountain King die?
In which country is the Embassy of Poland in the city where the director of My Friends was born?
Who is the sibling of the producer of Things to Come?
Where was the director of More Milk, Yvette born?
What is Rizwan-uz-Zaman's birthplace the capitol of?
What is the Edsa Shangri-La an instance of in the place of death for the person who proposed the idea of the Philippine Autonomy Act?
What numeral system originated in the country having the birth city of the producer of The Mystic Masseur?
Where does the Columbia river meet the ocean that contains the atoll where a deep water berth is available on Tuvalu?
The birthplace of Christopher Rowley is in what county?
Who is the spouse of A Man Alone's performer?
In 1992, who was elected president of the country where the Singa Mwambe football club plays?
Where did the spouse of String Quartet No. 1's composer die?
What was the date of birth of the artist who is the subject of the film Caravaggio?
What people claimed a homeland in parts of the nation where Shiraz is located, the country where Joseph Fadelle was born, and Turkey?
Qaleh Now-e Khaleseh in the the capital of the country Javad Hardani is from is located in what district?
What county shares a border with another county, in which Jackson Township is located?
What dominated in the south of the country where the director of The Mystic Masseur was born?
Which Cuban legend was born in 1925 in Mauricio Vallina's city of birth?
What is the tallest building in the birthplace of the ranking member of the Senate Judicial Committee?
Which county shares a border with the county in California where Rescue is located?
The movie "Songs of My Motherland" was made by members of the ethnic group protected by Asayiah. The movie is set... [SEE COMMENT SECTION] ...?
When was the first establishment that owns Hamburger University built in the country where Leon Diguet was educated?
What was the profession of the sculptor of Taddei Tondo?
What leader sponsored the expedition that discovered the country that Kisley was in?
Who is the model in the video for She Doesn't Mind by the singer of Press it Up?
In what country is the Embassy of Poland in the city where the director of Planet of the Vampires died?
Who was the 2017 leader of the country where the company that manufactured the Standard Ten operated?
Who was the spouse of the performer of One More Heartache?
On Walk the Line, who played the performer of She Even Woke Me Up to Say Goodbye?
Who played the performer of Mean Old Man on Walk the Line?
Which county is the city where Robinella was formed the capital of?
What county shares a border with the county where Wethersfield Township is located?
Who is the deputy prime minister of the country where the movie after the sunset was filmed?
Who claimed a homeland in parts of Turkey, the nation Shiraz is in, and the birth country of Qusay Hussein's mother?
How many Americans live in the country where Kitona is located?
Who was the spouse of the performer who recorded Watertown?
The Embassy of Poland in We Want the Colonels' director's birthplace is in what country?
What is the name of the airport in Michael Reed's birthplace in North Carolina?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Hamidiyah is located and the country where kleicha comes from?
When did the first establishment that McDonaldization is named after open in the country where Billingley is located
What county shares a border with another county, where the community of Darlington is found?
What was Anwar Miandad's birthplace the capitol of?
What kind of state is the country that in 1911 seized Al-Berka's country from the empire against which the Gallipoli Campaign was fought?
What was the release date of Flatline, by the producer of Turn to You?
Who is the spouse of the performer of That's Life?
where is the army navy game played in the city the songwriter of Don't Give Up on Me was born in?
Who did Jake Marisnick's team play in the world series last year?
The college Chris Bohjalian attended is a member of what consortium?
Garfield Peak in the same state as Old Trails Bridge is part of what mountain range?
Where was the initial german offensive on the western front of the war Gilbert Dyett was part of stopped in September of 1914?
Who was president of the united states immediately following the first global war after which indoor toilets became common in America?
What city was the creator of the paintings named after the country Al Ahmadi is located born in?
The country, from where a philosopher first described evaporation, had many contacts with another administration of the Yuan dynasty. What is the Brahmaputra River called in the area of that administration and Bangladesh?
How many Smithsonian Museums exist in the city where the Deuces Wild performer died?
Which season of American Idol featured the singer of I Kissed a Girl as a guest judge?
When did the country where the beach town of Cherating is found, gain independence from Great Britain?
Who founded the academy where John Baker was educated?
How many Americans live in the country Nyangwe is located?
Who was the quarterback of Andrew DePaola's team when they won the superbowl?
Who became the founder of public relations after dropping out of the college that employed the man who declared the American frontier "closed" in 1893?
What county shares a border with another county, where Adams Township is located?
In what county can you find the city where the band To My Surprise formed?
What was the former name of the city where Jianggan District is located?
How many household were in Patience Latting's place of death?
Which county shares a border with the county Elisha Reynolds Potter was born in?
What area shares border with the region that contains Washington Township?
What political party did the person who brokered the purchase of Louisiana for the country where m&m chocolate comes from belong to?
Who quit the college that educated the owner of the Gold Spike, located where Albert Edmunds Calhan died, and became the person referred to as the founder of public relations?
When did the first settlers come to the state where Georges Doriot was educated?
What county shares a border with the county where Grizzly Flats is located?
In which country is transport in the city where the body which Lega Lombarda is part of is headquartered?
Where was the author of Royal Bengal Rahashya educated?
What county was Suzanne Reynolds born in?
For the state that produces the Albany Law Review, what region is Rochester in?
Where is the headquarters of the parent company of the Xian H-6 manufacturer?
When did Blue Man Group start in the city where the X-75 Volume 1 performer was born?
What county shares a border with the other county, that contains Springfield Township?
Who produced the film about Crocodile Dundee in the city where one of the On The Border film's stars died?
How many square miles is the city where the lyricist of Chicago died?
What is a staple food in the country where the BBC is banned from reporting?
When was the Circus Maximus built in the city where the Pope who was Lucrezia Borgia's father died?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the place where the performer of The Battle of Birdland died?
What does the country having a list of tallest buildings in the birth city of Paul Cheng mean?
What city was Vince Young's team named after?
What major department store operates in the place of death of the person who Landau's function is named after?
Where was the composer of Two educated?
What is the position of the minister having negotiated a treaty in 1795 to the country having the largest group of non-native people in Bermuda?
What is the main international airport in the city where John III, of the country that released the performer of Don't Blame Your Daughter, died?
What state includes the district of Kattalai, in the country where the birthplace of Sooni Taraporevala is located?
What is the population of the city that owns Principal Park?
When did Bell return to the capital city of the state where Georges Doriot was educated?
In 1992, who was elected the president of the country where AS Lokole is?
Who is the child of the president who ended the Emergency Energy Conservation Act?
Which cigars are named after the capital of the country where Mijaela Tesleoanu worked?
When were the olympic games held in the city where the author of Love and Death in Bali works?
How many people live in the area of the birthplace of the person who studied Beyonce during live concerts to research a film's music role?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the city where Update's performer was born?
In what country is the Embassy of Poland, in the birthplace of the director of Totò and Carolina?
Who made the city where Friedrich Rosen was born his capital?
When is the dry season on the country where Kasongo Lunda is located?
Who claimed a homeland in parts of Turkey, the country of Shiraz, and the country where Central Marshes is located?
When did the studio that distributed The Innocent Lie announce the remastered release of the original star trek series?
Which region shares border with the area where Washington Township is located?
Who formed and first came to the colony where Gordon Prange died?
What county contains the city where Lydia Pinkham was born?
Who founded the university attended by John Hay?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks against the country where Boulder River is located by the Islamic terrorist group Bush said the war on terror begins with?
What is the country that Kysnesstranda is located named after?
In which episode of Doctor Who was there a character based on the creator of Farming Village at Twilight?
What episode of Doctor Who featured the creator of Portrait of the Artist's Mother?
Who was the child of Maria Leopoldina from the country where the Botanical Garden of Hans Kundrat's alma mater is located?
When did the distributor of Scarlet Days announce the remastered release of Star Trek for TV?
Who was in charge of the colony which became the state where Family Guy takes place?
Where is the region in which the C-17 highway is located?
When was the first coup attempt in the city where Jean-Santos Muntubila was born?
When was the wheel first used in the country where a cast member of The Horsemen is a citizen?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Soldier's Plea?
By which century had the birthplace of Marathon Man's director started becoming a prominent capital city?
On what did the publisher of Pokemon Channel primarily rely for its support?
The director of Seemabaddha studied where?
What is the name of the North Carolina airport in the city where Cornelius Harnett died?
What country has the Embassy of Poland, in the city where the director of Caro Michele was born?
What did Macau and Chinese city of residence of Bishonen's director call the Korean War?
Where does the capitol of the state where Georges Doriot was educated rank nationally for public transportation use?
What province includes the city where Grigorios Maraslis died?
When was the ferris wheel built in the city where the author of The Bondman died?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Qutayfah is found and the country where Al-Mu'tamid's follower was a citizen?
Which Columbian president studied at the same university as the one the screenwriter of Results attended?
What is the passport-issuing authority in the country where S. Mahinda died?
What was the biggest terrorist attack by the Islamic group that Bush said the 'war on terror' began with, against the country with the most accredited diplomats in Bermuda?
When did Swedish become the official language of the country where the band who performed Don't Blame Your Daughter was from?
In which state is Kattalai, a city in the country where the director of The Mystic Masseur was born?
Where was the director of Camp born?
Which county shares a border with the county in which Eastern Township is located?
On what date did the battle end at the place of death of Arthur Hayley?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Can I Get a Witness?
When did hurricane sandy hit the birth city of the performer of Crowd Scene?
Who was in charge of the colony which became the state where WRIU is located?
When were the mosaics created in the church located in the place of death for Panagiotis Pikilidis?
The city where Wali Khan Babar died, is the capital of what region?
In what county is the city where William Tubby was born?
How many floors does trump tower have in the city where The Platinum Collection performer was born?
Who played Barney's cousin Virgil on the show named after the actor who starred in Onionhead?
What city borders Andreas Baum's birthplace?
Where was the creator of paintings named for the country where Miskan Island is located born?
When did the country where Singing Melody was filmed start using dollars and cents?
In which county was Marcos Ramirez born?
How many people per 100,000 were murdered in 1990 in the city where Charles Oakley attended university?
When is dry season in the country where Luberizi is located?
What was the birthplace of the producer of Harlot?
How many episodes were dedicated to the menendez brothers in the fictional work Paul Robinette exists in?
The 3rd president of the United States of America was a member of which political party?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor held citizenship and the country where Al-Shinyah is found?
When did the first Walmart open in the state where Marion Township locates?
Who is the father of the person who directed Unhook the Stars?
When did the city where the creator of the Perugia Altarpiece died become monotheistic?
In what year was the conquest of the city where the Il bell'Antonio director died?
What did the Thuringian miners do to help the country that the author of With the Century is a citizen of?
when did the second world war end in the country where the director of I fichissimi was a citizen?
When was Bantu education introduced in the country Steven Blankaart was born in?
Who was the first leader of the country where Gangala-na-Bodio is located?
What region of the country is the US state having the county containing Oak Grove located?
How far is Raleigh from the city in the county William Selden was born?
For what country does the author of How Europe Underdeveloped Africa hold citizenship?
What county shares a border with the other county that includes Monroe Township?
what is the population of the area where Tom Purtzer was born?
How old are some of private schools in the city WCHS is licensed to broadcast?
What country is the Broadcasting Archives at the college that the agency that maintains the Presidential Library system have cooperatives initiatives with located in?
Who was in charge of the colony which became the state where Joseph Slocum house is located?
Where did the spouse of the composer of Aladdin die?
What region is the city where Benazir Bhutto was born the capital of?
In what country is the Polish Embassy that is in the birth city of the screenwriter of Fathers and Sons?
What is the former name of the city where Lin'an is located?
Did the employer of Melvin Purvis keep files on Elvis Presley?
What's the population of the place where Abraham Hoagland died?
What is the capital of the county that Arcadia is a part of?
Who plays Mike Myers in the version of Halloween produced by the performer on Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor?
What is the population of the place where the performer of Iron Man was born?
What is the body of water by the city where the author of The Crimson Patch was born?
What is a term for the religion of all naturalists working at the two English universities and churches that align with it?
Who played the Would You Take Another Chance on Me performer in Walk the Line?
Where did the man who became leader of the largest Europe country after the collapse of the nation Germany signed a non-aggression pact with in 1939 die?
what happened to Helen from the show by the star in Angel in My Pocket?
Who is the child of Leopoldina of the country Martin Aigner is educated?
Who is the Deputy Prime Minister of the country where the Hero Golf Challenge is being played?
When did the country that the director for Aybolit-66 held a citizenship break up?
Who is the sibling of the director of Faun?
Whe did the country of citizenship of Liston Bochette gain independence from spain?
When did the owner of Rice-A-Roni change from sugar to corn syrup?
Which county shares a border with the county where Scottsville is located?
Who is the child of the last president to be impeached in the country having Interstate 496?
What part of Utah is Francis Armstrong's place of death?
Where is the headquarters of the company through which viewers can vote for a contestant using Fan Save?
Who founded the employer of Paul Patterson?
Where is transport in the birth place of Yuppi du's director located?
Who did Sweeney Todd meet on the ship back to the city where the ejector of Benedictines in 1559 was born?
What job did the creator of Pitti Tondo have?
When was John Hieftje's birthplace founded?
When was the great plague of the city where the developer of Hampton Court Beauties died?
What year did the organization related to the sport played at the Sydney Sports Ground start?
Where is the headquarters of the position of Seán Neeson?
When did the studio that distributed Salome of the Tenements announce the release of the remastered Star Trek TV series?
Who fathered Helena Sverkersdotter of the country the performer of Don't Blame Your Daughter is from?
Where is the army navy game played in the city where the leader of The Soul Clan was born?
What county is the place of death of Walt Whitman located in?
In which county of the province where Jean Canfield was born can Hebron be found?
When did the Oakland Raiders move to the city where the performer of "Alice" works?
who is the deputy prime minister of the country Freetown is located?
What was the country where Løding is located named for?
When was the brand opened in the place where Boris Turayev died?
Who was elected president of the country in which N'Yoka Longo holds citizenship in 1992?
Which county shares border with the county having Plain Township?
Who helped resolve the dispute between Virginia and the state where Gordon Prange died?
What is the biggest attack by the group Bush said the 'war on terror' began with, on the country containing the Federal Detention Center, in the birthplace of George Pocheptsov?
Who dropped out of the Wassily Chair creator's employer and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
Which season of American Idol featured the composer of Peacock as a guest judge?
Crawford House in the city where Jyothi's performer was born in the state where the Drive franchise relocated to is an instance of what?
When was the last time Gary Spani's team went to the Superbowl?
Where was the Cover Girl cast member born?
Who wed the director of Operation Concrete?
What is the country for the birthplace of the author of At Home: A Short History of Private Life?
What performer released a live comedy album recorded in the birthplace of Neil Sinclair?
When was the national anthem of the country the cast member of Big Hearted Herbert is a citizen of written?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where Black Friday originated?
What is the main international airport in the city where Helena Hillar Rosenqvist's party works?
What forest is by the southern border of the city where Bolesław Leśmian died?
How much of the continent on which the region that shares a border with Champagne-Ardenne is located is covered by the Alps?
How many people live in the area of the city where the performer of The Kennedy Dream died?
Who operates the Embassy of Northern Cyprus in the city where Lütfi Arıboğan was born?
The basis of the jurisdiction of theState of the Union address began with the signing of what?
Which Cuban legend was born in 1925 in Ernesto Padilla's birthplace?
When was the last time the team for which Sean LaChapelle played went to the Superbowl?
Where was the founder of Interview born?
When did the first restaurant that the phenomenon of McDonaldization is named after, open in the nation where the village of Bradden is found?
Where did the mathematician who found Euler's formula die?
What country is the Embassy of Poland, in the city where Camera d'albergo's director was born, located?
In which city is Joe Lutkenhaus's employer located?
Which county shares a border with the county where Wayne Township is located?
The basis of the jurisdiction to which applies the European Economic and Social Committee began with the signing of what?
The country where Seljestad is located was named for whom?
Which county shares a border with the county where Hamilton Township is located?
What is the climate like in the city that the company Tandberg is part of is named after?
What region is the birthplace of Jan Mohammad the capital of?
Which art museum does the past employer of Catherine LaCugna administer?
What is the seat of the county where Walnut Grove is located in the state of which St. Paul is the capitol?
The country that seized Libya in 1911 from the main subject of the Ottoman era in the history of Lom's country is an instance of what?
How long did it take the representative body which provided consent for royal taxation to accept Ivashko's resignation?
Where does the electricity come from in the large city in southeastern of the US state having Humboldt Range?
What do they call the local government of the city where Spectre filming moved after the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What is Sultan Ahmed's birthplace the capitol of?
Who became the leader in 1951 of the country filming Marooned in the birth country of Uday Hussein's mother?
How many episodes are there about the Menendez brothers, on the show featuring the character Serena Southerlyn?
What county shares a border with the one where the Mormon Tavern is located?
When did the Oakland Raiders move to the city where the singer of When You're Gone works?
What California county is next to the county containing the community of Nashville?
In which county of the state where Julien Dubuque died is Shady Grove located?
Which county is Terry McMillan's birthplace the seat of?
Who is the sibling of Maria Corda's spouse?
Who many square miles is the state where Michael Porter attended graduate school?
Who is the producer of the Crocodile Dundee film set in the place of birth of the director of Rollercoaster?
Where is the rainforest in the country where Aníbal Acevedo Vilá has citizenship located?
What is the biggest attack by the Islamic terrorist group that Bush said the 'war of terror' began with, against the country where the Federal Detention Center can be found in the city that Mikhail Simonyan is from?
Who was the first governor in the state that contains the city where Don Ebert was born?
When did the twin of Okinawa Prefecture become part of the United States?
What is the main international airport in the place of death of John III, former ruler of the country where Immanu El was formed?
Which military branch did the person who signed the treaty to purchase the state with the most bears from Russia serve in?
Who is the sibling of Neither at Home or Abroad's director?
When did the country where the river Luján River turns into is located become independent from Spain?
What type of building is the Crawford House in the city where Montcalm and Wolfe's author was born?
What's the place of birth of George IV of the country where the manufacturer of Standard Ten is located?
What country is located in the middle of the body of water where part of Sakalua is located in or next to?
The writer of most of the Declaration of Independence was a member of what political party?
Where was the director of Night of the Living Dead born?
When did the company that took full control of the island after Napoleon's death end?
In what year was the conquest of the city where the director of Drama of the Rich died?
How many non-Hispanic whites lived in the city La Grande Vitesse's creator died in 2012?
Who was in charge of the city where Eliseo Grenet died?
What was the function of the Crawford House located in the birth city of the author of The Oregon Trail within the state where Wellesley College was located in Mona Lisa Smile?
What is Sheharyar Ghani's birthplace the capital of?
In which county is the place where Brandon Teena died?
Which body of water is near the capitol of the state where Michael Porter was educated?
What is the population of the metropolitan area where Corey Taylor was born?
What Columbia President went to the university where the Isokon Long Chair developer was employed?
Where is the region containing Puig Cerverís located?
What is the meaning of the name of the administrative territorial entity that contains Sivand?
When was the last time Zeke Markshausen's team went to the Superbowl?
What did the publisher of Banjo-Tooie rely primarily on for its support?
Which county shares a border with the county in which Georgetown is located?
Who is the current mayor of the city where Ralph Ruffell died?
What Columbia president went to the university Funny Ha Ha's director attended?
What agency consists of the Science Museum in Alberto Lista's birth place?
What was the military branch of service of the man who was President for the purchase of the state that the Aleutian Islands are a part of?
What is the location of the region where the mountain of La Tossa is found?
What was the population of Charlie Weaver's birthplace in 1900?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where GM Dallas Green is from?
How many inhabited islands are in the country in which the performer of Velvet Donkey is a citizen?
In which county is John Moyer's birthplace?
Who founded the university Sheila Blumstein is employed in?
Where can you find the majority of gold in the southernmost country in the country the river Tekezé River turns into is located?
Who was in charge of the city where August Bloedner died?
What instrument was played by the guitar soloist in While My Guitar Gently Weeps?
Who was the spouse of the person for whom Islands in the Stream was written?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina, of the country that is, along with Germany and the country for Moonraisers, one of the places that Lake Constance is located?
What is the average summer temperature in the state Washington University in the city Don Ebert was born is located?
When did the first large winter carnival take place in the city where Jean Pelletier died?
When did Germany and the country where the author of With the Century was a citizen sign a non-aggression pact?
What county was Patrick J. McManus born in?
What county is Robert Lyon's place death located in?
How many square miles are there in the city which is the capital of the state where the school that educated Georges Doriot is located?
What was Mr. Smith's first name, in the film where he goes to the city where the performer of Night Crawler died?
How much was pledged to the United Nations Environment Programme, by the country of citizenship of the actress who played the voice of Sally in Cars?
Based on population alone, what is the ranking of Chuck Hopson's birthplace in the country that won the battle?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where Percocettes was founded?
Who was elected president of the country where Gangala-na-Bodio is found?
How many Americans live in the country where AS Maniema Union is based?
How many neighborhoods are in the capitol of the state where Georges Doriot was educated?
What is the name of the latest version of the OS operating system of the creators of Safari?
Peter Kern's place of death is the capital of which county?
Who is a sibling of the director of The Officer's Swordknot?
What country is in the middle of the body of water where Savave is located?
In which Californian county was Joe A. Campos born?
What is the county seat of the county where Certified Acceptance Corporation is headquartered?
How many floors is the Palmer House Hotel located in the birth city of the woman who originally sung I'm Every Woman?
Who was elected president of the country where Beni is located in 1992?
What year did the league the Scone Thoroughbreds play for start?
When did the first settlers come to the state where Richard Holme, Baron Holme of Cheltenham was educated?
When was the city where the television show Sliders was filmed founded?
What region is the city where KPSZ is licensed to broadcast to located?
When was the brand opened in city where Auguste de Montferrand died?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the city where the performer of Together Again for the Last Time died?
What Cuban legend was born in 1925 in the same city as Fernando Velázquez Vigil?
When did the home country of Privilege's performer gain independence from England?
What is the religion of Ivan III from the country that Kseniya Boguslavskaya's spouse is from?
When did the first Walmart open in the state where Knox Township is located?
When did the first settlers come to the state containing where the school where John H. McArthur taught?
What is Peter Oppegard's place of death the capitol of?
Where was the opening scene of the TV show that featured Ben Matlock filmed?
How many UNESCO World Heritage sites lie within the country where Chloridia's author was born?
How many inhabitants live in the area that was the birthplace for the actress who plays Pepper Potts in Iron Man 1?
Who is a sibling of the producer of The Love Light?
Who claimed a homeland in parts of Turkey, the nation Shiraz is in, and the birth country of Uday Hussein's mother?
When did Alanders rejoin the country with an Embassy of France, in the city where Alfred Nobel was born?
Where does the Columbia river meet the ocean containing the atoll where the islet of Sakalua is located?
Who founded the place where Deborah Mollison was educated?
What is the country of citizenship of the child of the screenwriter of Mumford?
What is the size of the place where The Visit's lyricist died in square miles?
When was the astronomical clock built in the location where Zdenek Veselovsky died?
What is the lengthier version of the name of the university which awarded Lee an honorary doctorate in 2006?
How many Americans live in the country containing Lake Tshangalele?
Which body of water is by the place where Sergei Toporov died?
What is the currency in the country the performer of Hill of Thieves is from?
What other instrument is played by the artist who plays guitar on I Wish it Would Rain Down?
What was the name of the explorer who founded the birthplace of the screenwriter of Black or White?
Of what political party was the man who created the concept of separation of church and state?
What country has an Embassy of Poland, in the city where the director of Dear Goddamned Friends was born?
What rank does Georges Doriot's business school's state's capital hold as far as being an economically powerful city in the world?
What Columbian President attended the university where the director of Beeswax was educated?
When did the country where Apache helicopters are based in the country that recently voted to leave an example of a federal union go to war with Egypt?
What county is Charlotte Ray's birth city located?
Who does the vocals on Money by the band who acted in The Story of Wish You Were Here?
What is the seat of the county where Jonesborough is located?
Who is the producer of Crocodile Dundee in the city where the actor in The Clash of the Wolves died?
Who dropped out of the director of Results's alma mater and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
when did Shi Tiesheng's birthplace fall?
What country is the Embassy of Poland in the city Inter caetera's author died located in?
What institution is established for management of development in the country called the Giant of Africa?
What is the country of citizenship of the father of the person who performed Dreamer?
Who is the spouse of the creator of The Neverwhere?
Who did Joaquin Andujar's team play in the world series last year?
What did the world organization that the country Talas is located in a member of name "The Trusteeship of the Powerful"?
When did Blue Man Group start in the city where the performer of Rag, Bush, and All was born?
Who is the spouse of the director of The Yellow Ticket?
Who played Barney's cousin Virgil on the show named for the star of Angel in My Pocket?
What is the capital of the county having Lone Hickory in the birth state of Barbara Stager?
Who dropped out of the alma mater of the man who owns the gold spike in the city where Falling in Reverse was founded and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
What county shares a border with another county, that contains Franklin Township?
What county was Corinne Alphen born in?
What is the biggest terrorist attack on the country with the most millionaires, by the Islamic group that Bush said the 'war on terror' began with?
what was mr. smith's first name in mr. smith goes to the city where the president who took the United States off the gold standard worked?
In which country does the spouse of the screenwriter of The Murder Man hold citizenship?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Abil is located and the country where kleicha is made?
Who won the mayoral race in the birth city of the cast member of The Off Season?
Who was the first prime minister of the country Kokonte is from?
Who founded the company that made the Plymouth Prowler?
Where was the person who featured in the film Green Snake born?
When did the first walmart open in the state where Deerfield Township locates?
Where was the performer of The Bright, the Blue and the Beautiful born?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina, titled after the nation where the Botanical Garden of the university where Alfred Nalepa is located?
What is the county where Lone Hickory in the state that provided the most soldiers for the confederate army named after?
Who is the spouse of the director of My Life to Live?
Who is married to the actress of the woman ape from Planet of the Apes?
What term means an institution like a German Fachhochschule in Remy Cogghe's birth country and the home of the Dutch Reformed Church?
In which county is William Conway's birthplace?
When was the SNES released in the colonial holding in the continent Aruba is located that was governed by the country Modicus is located?
Where was the performer of Intervals born?
Who is the explorer who accurately mapped the coasts of the continent Gelderland is located and the region the WINEP bundled the countries of Northwest Africa?
Deceased resting in Fort Scott National Cemetery are buried in what county?
Kanye's shift away from the genre Pohjosen Poika is associated with is credited for creating what?
Who the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl XXXVII?
How many Americans live in the country where the town of Luberizi is found?
What is the country of citizenship of the spouse of the director of It's a Boy?
Who was the first leader of the independent country where SC Cilu is from?
Where was the director of Seemabaddha educated?
On what continent is the country that includes the islet of Sakalua?
Who was designated the first Emperor of the city where the Pope who wrote Inter caetera died?
Which airport is in the city where Ngo Dinh Diem died?
What region does the area that encompasses Jefferson Township share border with?
What dates mark the beginning and end of the empire, that the country that Nasser led, became a colony of in the 1st Century B.C.?
What subject was studied in David Sassoon's birthplace?
What was the unemployment rate in 2014 in the country where Fränzi Aufdenblatten's birthplace and Wengen are located?
What cigars are named for the island capital of the country where Merchise was founded?
Which Columbian president went to the same university as the screenwriter of Funny Ha Ha?
What is the birthplace of the founder of the country of citizenship of Yousef Khanfar.
Who was in charge of the colony which became the state where Kent County is located?
Who was in charge of the colony where Mike Cerrone was born?
Who founded the university where Ralph Cupper was educated?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the artist who created Foxy Foxy?
When did the first settlers come to the state in which the school related to Clayton M. Christensen is located?
In 2017, who is the president of the organization in which the U.S. and the country that was called Russia before the Russian Revolution became important members?
What is the birthplace of the performer of Live at the Montreal Jazz Festival 1985?
Who has the power of legislative action in the city where Kazimierz Dejmek died?
Who is the child of the last person to get impeached?
Who was in charge of the city where Domenico Bruni died?
What is one of the instruments played by the musician who wrote In the Presence of the Lord?
What country is the Embassy of Poland, in the city where Facciamo paradiso's director was born, located?
When does the country where Kitona is located experience the dry season?
In what year was the conquest of the city where the director of Farewell Moscow died?
In what language did the most famous student of Bell speak?
What is the average snowfall in the city where the proposer of a counter proposal to the Wilmot Proviso died?
Who was elected president of the country where AS New Soger is based in 1992?
What company that ceded control of Saint Helena to the British Crown was founded in London during the reign of Elizabeth I?
What is the population of Luther Burbank's birthplace?
What is the name of the airport in the place Cornelius Harnett died?
In which city is the Consulate General located where Dave Pavlas died?
Where are most skyscrapers in the birthplace of the person who ejected the Benedictines again in 1559?
When did iPhone 6s plus by the manufacturers of the MacBook Pro come out?
Who is a cast member of NASCAR on the broadcaster of the show that the episode 97 Seconds is part of?
What city shares a border with Travis Davis' birthplace?
Which is a river that flows by the city where the performer on the album Jazz in the Space Age died?
what is the country of citizenship of the child of the screenwriter of The Big Chill?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor was a citizen and the country home to Al-Sarkha?
Where does the state where Julie Dubuque died rank nationally in wind energy production?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina of the country where Peter Rosei's university and its botanical gardens are located?
What county is Curtis Bledsoe's birthplace the capital of?
When was the person on the back of the bicentennial quarter appointed as general of the force that participated in the Battle of Setauket?
When did WW2 end in the country Il pranzo della domenica's director is from?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the birthplace of Our Colline's a Treasure's performer?
What president of Columbia went to the same college as the director of Results?
Where is the main campus of Nelson L. Goldberg's alma mater located?
Who was the first leader of the independent country where Bafwasende is located?
Who is the spouse of the performer with an album titled Easy?
Who is the sibling of the director of A Vanished World?
What Columbia President attended the school that was the employer of the person who wrote the significance of the frontier in american history?
How close is Wrigley Field to the lake that provides drinking water to the city where Brewer Phillips died?
What country has a Polish embassy and is the birthplace of the screenwriter for We Want the Colonels?
What is the county that contains the place of birth for Dennis Gibson?
What county is Inez Asher's birthplace located in?
When did Y. pestis reach the country of citizenship of Oberon, the Faery Prince's author?
What incorrect term for the indigenous population was started by the first explorer to find new land west of Africa and the continent containing Issy-les-Moulineaux?
In which county is the city where Stan Andrews was born?
who is the current prime minister of the place of birth of the mother of Uday Hussein?
When did Blue Man Group start in the city where the performer of Just the Facts and Pass the Bucket was born?
The county containing Salmon Falls shares a border with which other county?
Where was the screenwriter of Seemabaddha educated?
What county borders the county where Parc is located?
In what region of the U.S. is the state containing the birth city of James Cuno?
How many Americans live in the country having Kisantu?
When was the city founded where John Henry Holland died?
How many Americans live in footballer Yves Kibuey's country?
Who was the first leader of the independent country where US Tshinkunku football club is based?
Who was in charge of the colony that became the state where Me, Myself and Irene takes place?
What is the capital of the county where Grayson Valley is located?
Which group claimed a homeland in parts of both the country Shiraz is located and the country where the brother who followed Al-Mu'tamid to the throne was a citizen?
Which is the body of water by the city where Cold Steal's author was born?
What church is the Diocese in the city where the headquarters of the political party that Frank McKenna belongs to are located, a part of?
When does the country where AS Saint-Luc is located experience its dry season?
What is the country of citizenship for the father of the River Song performer?
Who is the child of the most recent president to be impeached?
When did the KMT take over the city that will host the 2022 Winter Olympics?
Who was the city where Richard Pulvis died named after?
Who is the spouse of the person who won the popular vote in the 2000 election?
Riviere-Verte in the province where Newcastle is located shares a border with what?
Who is the spouse of the person who directed My Life to Live?
How many Smithsonians are there in the city where the performer of Shangri-la died?
In which county is James H. Bibb House located?
When was the person who is on the back of the bicentennial quarter appointed general of the army that the French helped in the American revolution?
Who is the child of the last president to be impeached from the country where the first electric washing machine was invented?
What was the station that aired the regional news program using the name of the country of citizenship of Privilege's performer and ending with Today?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group Bush said the war on terror begins with against the country for whom the Articles of Confederation were written?
Where is the Army Navy game played in the city where the performer of Down in the Valley was born?
How many Jews live on the continent containing the region that shares a border with Champagne-Ardenne?
What town shares a border with Karl-Heinz Metzner's place of death?
Who is the spouse of the person who plays queen of hearts in Alice in Wonderland?
What was the occupation of the creator of Awakening Slave?
What is the biggest attack by the Islamic terror group that Bush said the 'war on terror' began with, against the country where the Federal Detention Center can be found in the city where Michael Peskin was born?
What age is required for handgun purchase in the state where Harrison Township is located?
In which country is the performer of Saft located?
By which century had the city where the director of Madame Sousatzka was born started becoming a prominent capital city?
By what name is brahmaputra known in Bangladesh and the country that, during Yuan, had a lot of contacts with the country pugs come from?
What was the college of the producer of Live: Take No Prisoners?
In what year was the University College at Highfield founded?
Who was the spouse of the performer of I Remember Tommy?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the performer from The Zombie Horror Picture Show?
Who is the father of Seemabaddha's screenwriter?
What is the country of citizenship of the spouse of Farewell Again's director?
Who is the 2017 president of the organization where the US and the country that beat the US in The Miracle On Ice became important members?
Which county shares a border with the county where Perry Township is located?
When did the country where Koksan is manufactured split from the country where Hwang Seok-keun was born?
How many people of the ethnicity that started the Slav migration live in the area once governed by Portugal on the continent with spanish, portuguese, english, french and quechua speakers?
What cigars are named for the capitol of the country where Lajas is located?
Sheet Harbor and Malagawatch are both part of what municipality?
How many square miles is the state where Constantinos C. Markides's alma mater locates?
What is the death place of Adolf Frederick of the country holding the 2014 football season having the sports team with Marcus Mårtensson as a member ?
When did the city where Yang Xianyi died fall to the Qing?
What county contains the work location of the president making father's day a national holiday?
What is the largest employer in the city where the director of Black or White was born?
Which concert venue, in the city where the monarch who ejected the Benedictines in 1559 was born, shares its name with a famous football stadium?
What is the climate like in the city where Jasper O'Farrell died?
When does the country where Kisantu is located experience its dry season?
What famous tobacco product comes from the capital of the country that also produces Cucurucho?
Who is the sibling of The Girl from Maxim's' director?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the city where the U.S. president who owned a dog named Checkers worked?
When will the next senator from the state where Calhoun is located be seated?
When did the Kuomintang defeat and take over the place where Laoshan Velodrome is located?
What was the first year when the men's team played basketball at Joe Lutkenhaus's employer?
Where was the producer of Kiss born?
When did the most influential recording artist of all time drop out of college?
The Science Museum, in the city where Pedro Roldán died, is part of what research group?
In which county is William L. Baird's birthplace?
Who is the wife of the performer featured in the 1970 album Super Hits.
Where is the setting of the novel that John Seward appears in?
In what city did the spouse of the composer of Commotio die?
How many Americans live in the country where AS Mabela a Bana is based?
Who was in charge of the city where Gordon Massa died?
What was the episode of Doctor Who that featured the creator of Les Arènes?
The old languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad Hejazi are part of what languages?
what region of the country is the state where Athletics at the 1904 Summer Olympics was held in located?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mastumah is located and the country where you can get kleicha?
Who was in charge of the city where the performer of Dangerous lived?
What is the country Eikesdalsvatnet is located in named after?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the city where the performer of Mal/4 Trio was born?
What is the population of the state of where the Wyandotte Constitution has jurisdiction?
When did the country that was invaded by the country where Mapado originated conduct its first nuclear test?
What is the largest employer in the city where the screenwriter of Black or White was born?
In what state is the county where Elk Prairie Township can be found?
What is the body of water by the birthplace of Andrew Baum?
Who is the child of the person who was president in the US when goals 200 was initiated?
Who was the first president in the country where Balho is located?
When did the torch arrive in the city where Kang Sok-ju died?
What is the distance between the Shanghai and the place of death of Zhuo Lin's spouse by bullet train?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where Barleyjuice was formed?
Where is the Army Navy Game played in the city where the singers of Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now formed?
Alta, West Virginia, whose county shares a border with the county that contains Tioga, is in what country?
Who is the mayor of the city where Patience Latting died?
In which county was Daniel Kobialka born?
When was the Circus Maximus built, in the city where the Pope who fathered Gioffre Borgia died?
What military branch did the man who signed the treaty purchasing the state that has Tana Glacier, belong to?
What county shares a border with another county that contains the borough of Renovo?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the place where the performer of Soul in the Night died?
When did hurricane sandy hit the Ursula performer's birthplace?
How many Americans live in the country where OC Bukavu Dawa plays?
In which country is Redstone in the city where the Men with Brooms screenwriter was born?
What county shares a border with the birthplace of John L. Grove?
What is the country of citizenship for the spouse of the person who directed Adam's Apple?
What is the more lengthy name of Catherine LaCugna's employer?
What does Christoph Eichhorn's birthplace share a border with?
Larry Long's birth place is in which county?
What Columbia President went to the school where a cast member of Funny Ha Ha attended?
The era during which the architecture of the Baryczko merchant family house was made began in what area of the continent where the mouth of the Tikhaya Sosna is located?
What city shares border with the city that encompasses Siege of Cassel?
What was the name of the Doctor Who episode that featured the person who made The Torso of Venus and a Landscape?
What is the first civic chartered company in the state where the town that WPOS-FM is licensed in located?
On what date did the country containing the Samarahan division gain independence from the British?
How many museums are located in the place where Emanuel Ringelblum died?
Which is the body of water by the birthplace of the author of Dead Ernest?
What is the elevation of the highest point in the state Hello Love's performer passed away in?
Prior to 2019 when was the last time Deon Cherry's team went to the Superbowl?
When did Wasana's country of origin win the World Cup?
What is Kashif Ibrahim's birthplace the capitol of?
What church does the Diocese at Andy Scott's place of death belong to?
What institution is established for management of development in one of the richest countries in Africa?
When did the university with the biggest campus in the US start playing football?
Who founded the organization where Charles Macpherson received his education?
What happened to the British Isles and the continent on which the mouth of the Tikhaya Sosna is located after the Roman empire ended?
The Ottoman era in the history of Rila's country relates to an empire. The European state that seized Libya from that empire in 1911 is what constituent of a supranational organization?
What kind of agency is Melvin Purvis's employer?
Which council has suspended its operations since 1994 and is part of an organization which has the country where Kaindy is located as a member?
What comprehensive school was established in the island where Llanddyfnan is located?
Where was the producer of the Apu Trilogy educated?
Who dropped out of the institution where the author of Delivering Happiness was educated, and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
The person who brokered the purchase of louisiana for the country that took over the Marshall Islands in the second world war was a member of which political party?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the death city of the performer of Sonny Side Up?
In what conflict was the screenwriter of I, Claudius?
What kind of entity is the country Germany was aligned with by the owner of Blondi?
What are the cigars named after the island capital of the country Bay of Pigs took place in?
When did the city where the creator of Annunciation of Cortona died begin following a monotheistic religion?
Where was the director of Jana Aranya educated at?
What was the title held in India by the father of Louise, the Princess Royal?
What region is the city where Ali Abbasi was born, the capital of?
Who is the spouse of actress featured in Fanfan?
What cigars are named after the island capital of where Guama is located?
When did the employer of Sir Thomas Metcalfe, 4th Baronet end?
Which is the body of water by the area where Glenariff Forest Park is located?
How many square miles are Richard Tedlow's university's state?
Who gifted the Statue of Liberty to the state which contains the location where the novel The Great Gatsby was set?
Who was in charge of the colony that became the state Jeremiah Olney was born?
What day did the Swapnote publisher unveil the new systems?
What year did Sender Freies end in the city where the person who Landau's function is named after died?
In which county is the city Dan Goldie is from?
Who dropped out of the university where the director of Funny Ha Ha was educated and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
What was the release date of the iphone 6, manufactured by the developer of SK8?
Who was the employer for the person who wrote the prayer Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep?
What is the county for the birthplace of George Milligan?
Who was in charge of the state where Anandrao Vithoba Adsul was born?
when did hurricane Sandy hit the birthplace of My Dear Family's performer?
What group of schools is the college where Jennifer Kimball studied a part of?
Which mountain range separates kinnaur and spiti from the area where Marpa Lotsawa was born?
In what year was the performer of This is Who We Are created?
What early Huguenot Church was established in the country of origin of the sport Helenelunds IK plays?
What job did the creator of Rebellious Slave have?
Who was the spouse in 1974 of the performer of the album Love Songs?
What state has the Roman Catholic Diocese located in the place of death of Cornelius Harnett?
What is the nickname given to the state the governor during the Civil War died?
In 1992, who was elected president of the country where OC Muungano plays?
What county includes the Episcopal Church of All Angels?
When did Jean Canfield's birth place become a province?
Where was the husband of the star of Via Mala born?
Who was the spouse of the Live at the Meadowlands performer?
What political party is the person who dropped passages about miracles or angel visitations from his work in the Jefferson Bible?
What's Ecstasy's producer's alma mater?
What is the political party for the person on the $2 bill?
Which party held the 1781 governorship of Virginia?
Who was in charge of the colony which later became the state where The Conjuring takes place?
What is Kanye credited for with his shift away from the genre Casseurs Flowters is known for?
by what name is the brahmaputra known in the location of the Sino-Nepalese War and Bangladesh?
What is the population of the city where Gul Mohammed died?
By what name is the Brahmaputra known in Bangladesh, as well as the region that Yiu Yung-chin claims the Ming did not possess?
What is the current official currency in the country where Metropolitan University is found?
What Chinese city shares a border with the city that hosted the 2009 ELEXCON fair?
In which country does the child of Silverado's director hold citizenship?
How many TEUs did the city where the Salonika Agreement happened handle in 2010?
By what name is the Brahmaputra known in Bangladesh, and the region that the Ming once traded horses with?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the place where the performer of A Little Bit of Stitt died?
When did hurricane Sandy hit the city where the Mingus Lives pianist was born?
What region is the city where the Pakistan National Shipping Corporation is headquartered, the capital of?
George IV of the country that where the political party of Jim McGovern is found died where?
When was the stone of destiny returned to the country that the performer of Privilege is a citizen of?
What band performed Fantasy Land Tour 2004 in the city where Aimee Sun was born?
Who is the child of the President who made their stance on affirmative action clear in 1995?
What is the population of the city where David Eccles died?
In which country does the child of the director of The Maltese Falcon hold citizenship?
Who founded the institution that Domenico Crivelli is employed by?
What college was attended by the father of Cyril Holland?
When was the ferris wheel built in the city where the author of The City Madam died?
In what part of the country is the city where the performer of Preminado was born?
What county does the city where Wilhelm Pauck died belong to?
When did the first European settlers come to the country the Earthquakes U23 of the city KSJO is located plays for?
In what year was the conquest of the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
Who is married to the singer of Let's Get It On?
When does the country where SC Cilu is located experience its dry season?
how many smithsonian museums are there in the work location of the president who signed the Endangered Species Act of 1973 into law?
When does the country where the city of Beni is found experience a dry season?
Where did the author of Ressurreição die?
Who was the first leader of the independent country Lubondai is located in?
When did trolley buses stop running in Catherine McKinnell's birthplace?
Whose position was it that the lion of Judah in the Bible was the son of god?
What county is the city that licensed the KDPS broadcast in?
When did the roof gardens above Denis Wright's birthplace open to the public?
When did Muslim armies invade the country that makes up foreign inhabitants in the country of citizenship of Karin Larsson's spouse and Iraq?
What type of business was Crawford House, located in the Jyothi performer's birthplace in the same state as Wellesley College from Mona Lisa Smile?
What shares a border with the birthplace of Ulrike Haage?
Who did the writer of the song My Mama Don't Like You write Thinking Out Loud for?
The city where Black Journal's director died was conquered in what year?
What is the population of the state where Robert Docking died?
Where is the biggest Buddha statue in the continent containing the region that shares a border with Champagne-Ardenne?
UCL Partners is the largest type of what facility, on the continent containing the region that shares a border with Champagne-Ardenne?
What language is used in the place where Portrait of Bia de' Medici can be found?
In American Idol viewers cast their "Fan Save" votes using a social network that is based where?
When was the bombing of the place where the country that the first electric washing machine was invented started fighting in ww2?
In what district is Qaleh Now-e Khaleseh in the capitol of the country that released The Kingdom of Solomon?
Who founded the company which published Championship Surfer?
Who is the child of the president when NAFTA was developed, in the country where the electric washing machine was invented?
Where did the spouse of Moderen's composer die?
How many Americans live in the country of citizenship of Dodoly?
To which group of mountains does the range that Norris mountain is part of in the state where KBLG is located belong?
Who was married to the singer of September of My Years?
How old do you have to be to buy alcohol in the state Daisy was born in The Great Gatsby?
Who has the power of legislative action in the city where Bolesław Leśmian died?
The Crawford House in The Jesuits in North America in the Seventeenth Century author's birthplace was what type of building?
How many Americans live in the country that encompasses Lubondai?
What instrument does the man who played the preacher in the movie Tommy play?
Who was in charge of the city the author of Love All the People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines resides?
What waterfall is located in the country where Mudzi District is found?
What county contains the township where the band I Call Fives was formed?
In which country is the Embassy of Poland located in the birthplace of the director of Parenti serpenti?
What county holds the city where KPSZ is located?
What shares a border with Rivière-Verte in the country where The Brunswickan is located?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the director of The Devil's Rejects?
Who founded the organization Cedric Sharpe works for?
How many square miles is the state where Jay Lorsch was educated?
What is the body of water by the birthplace of Sandbar Sinister's author?
What numeral system originated in the country where the birth city of the director of The Mystic Masseur is located?
When did the city where the school Charles Oakley was educated at become the capital of Virginia?
What was the benefit of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk to the country who has a Chinese Embassy in their city which also contains the alma mater of Sergei Vronsky?
What is the total area in square miles of the fashion capital of India?
Who was the first leader of the country that Samba Mappangala is from?
Who was elected president of the country where AS Saint-Luc is located in 1992?
What was the name for the Korean War in Macau and the city where the screenwriter of Bishonen resided?
What insurance company is located in the downtown section of the city where the author of The Marriage Plot was born?
Who was the spouse of the performer on Sings for Only the Lonely?
What is the date of death of Catherine from where Franco Rotella died?
Who is the current mayor of the city in which Charles Oakley's university is located?
When did Alanders rejoin the country where the Embassy of France is located in the city where Riccardo Campogiani died?
The producer of Women in Revolt is born in which city?
What is a language spoken, written or signed by Sheram an instance of?
What was Kevin Everett's team named after?
Who played the performer of When He Walks on You in Walk the Line?
Where was Happy Mood's performer born?
In which century did the country where the person stripped of commanding rights by China was a citizen invade Afghanistan?
Qaleh Now-e Khaleseh in the capital of the country Sultan Husayn is from is located in what district?
How many states does the organization that authorized giving troops the ability to follow the North Korean forces north recognize in the continent where Sergei Kruglov was born?
In what part of the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer is Delhi located?
What was the job of the creator of Dawn?
In 2012, how many non-Hispanic whites lived in the place where the Flying Dragon creator died?
In the country where the manufacturer of the Standard Ten is based, who picks the prime minister?
Who is the spouse of the performer of "How Sweet It Is to Be Loved by You"?
When did trolley buses stop running in Charles Avison's birthplace?
Of which county is Elizabeth May's birth city the seat?
How far to the southeast of Stanford is the headquarters city of The Loughlin/Michaels Group?
What number is the school where Margaret Murray was educated ranked among the world's best colleges and universities?
When did the first restaurant from which McDonaldization took its name open in the city where the Parish meeting was held?
What is the population of the area of the city where the writer of A Walk in the Woods was born?
What country is the transport in the birth city of the performer of Svalutation?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the birthplace of the performer of Spring in Prague?
Where was the screenwriter of Sukumar Ray educated?
where was the director of Apur Sansar educated?
What college did the producer of Duotones attend?
What are the cigars named for the island capital where Hermes Ramirez is from?
Who is the minister of defence in the country of citizenship of How He Lied to Her Husband's author?
Through what are the fundamental rights guaranteed by it in the country having the birth city of the director of The Mystic Masseur?
Who was elected president of the country where Kasongo Lunda is located in 1992?
What type of building is the Crawford House is in the birthplace of Jyothi's performer in the state that was placed under martial law when it was a colony?
In which country is the town sharing a border with the place where Giacomo Leone was born located?
Which county shares a border with the county in which Pine Acres can be found?
What county shares a border with the county where Pacific, California is located?
The owner of the Gold Spike in Andre Agassi's hometown graduated from college. Who dropped out of that same college and went on to found the field of public relations?
Who is current opposition leader in the country where the Teso sub-region is found?
Who claimed a homeland in parts of Turkey, the country Shiraz is in, and the country where Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya is located?
What county is Samuel M. Bubier's birthplace located in?
Who was the first leader of the independent country where Singa Mwambe football club is located?
Who has written the national anthem of Wasana's original country?
Are these other languages learned in the country with the lowest rate of software piracy as popular as the language that originated in the nation with the oldest navy?
In which county is the city where Matt Macri was born?
Who is the producer of Crocodile Dundee in the headquarters location of the company that made The Christmas Toy?
When did hurricane sandy hit the birthplace of the person who performed What It Is?
When did the distributor of Applause announce the remastered release of Star Trek:The Original Series?
Who produced the Crocodile Dundee film that took place in the city where the Rough Waters cast member lived when he died?
What county is the city that owns Principal Park located in?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the performer of The Sinister Urge?
When did the name Black Death officially take root in the country where the author of Remains of Elmet is from?
In what region of the country is the state where Henry Stites Barker was born?
What college did the author of Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and Other Stories attend?
When was the last time that it snowed in the city that houses the courthouse residing in the county where James Glisson was born?
Who is the chief of police in the city where Miss Misery's performer died?
When was Why's performer's place of birth established as a city?
In what county is the city where Harris W. Fawell was born?
Where did the spouse of Maskarade's composer die?
What is the most popular hotel in the city where Michelle McLean was born?
The language Asadi Tusi wrote in is part of what language group?
How many Smithsonian museums are located in the city where the performer of The Hard Swing died?
What year was the start of the league that the video game NRL Mascot Mania is a depiction of?
When did the country where Barend Cornelis Koekkoek was born refuse to surrender Namibia?
What is the area code for the state where Caroline Haskins Gurrey died?
In what year did the publisher of Picopict reveal the start of development on what would become Twilight Princess?
Which season of American Idol featured the lyricist of Peacock as a guest judge?
What county borders the county where Buckhorn is located?
What percentage of the GDP comes from agriculture in the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer?
What language is the location of The Test of Fire of Moses in?
Which university did the person named after the Cooper pair work for?
When was the creator of The Crowning with Thorns born?
How many inhabitants are there in the metropolitan area of the city where the dog who starred in The Man Hunter died?
Which administrative territorial entity is the residence place of Joining You's performer located?
What is the population of the city where Cavalier County Museum is located.
How many square miles is the state where John H. McArthur worked?
When were the subways built in the city where the sociolinguist who studied the accent at the University of Pennsylvania was educated?
When was the city where the performer of A Boy Without A Girl was born established as a city?
When was the first railway line between Kashif Ibrahim's birthplace and Kotri constructed?
What year was the city where Lucrezia Borgia's father died conquered?
Who wrote the national anthem of the place S. Mahinda died?
Which county shares a border with the county of Tylers Corner, California?
The most prolific score in manchester united history joined the team in what year?
What is the hockey club in the city where Ralph Ruffell died?
What genre is Kayne credited for creating with his shift away from the genre DVS Mindz is known for?
Which region is Corey Taylor's city of birth located?
Who is the screenwriter of the film named after the country Debel is located?
Who is the sibling of Struggling Hearts' screenwriter?
Who founded the famous chain of music-themed restaurants which opened its first establishment in the city where Charles Albert Watts was born?
Who owns the Interstate 96 in the state where Seekonk River is located?
What is the native language of the author of The Coming of the King?
Who started the Mother Bethel Church dedicated to a religion founded by the black community in the city where Henry Benbridge died?
Where did the spouse of the composer of Clarinet Concerto die?
Which county does Mound Haven's county share a border with?
In which county did Isidore Dyen die?
Crawford House in the city where Jyothi's performer was born in the state of the New England Patriots is an instance of what?
Who founded the institution where Dorothy Parke was educated?
The city where Arnold Bode died shares a border with?
What was the use of the pantheon in the place where the person who declared that decrees are not severe died?
Who is the sibling of the person who directed The Laughing Saskia?
How high is the highest point in the death city of Bolesław Leśmian?
In what year was home brewing first allowed in the country containing the gallery holding a painting of A Woman Taken in what is the main subject of milkman jokes?
What did the organization that the country Kyzyl-Kyshtak is located in a member of name "The Trusteeship Of The Powerful"?
What is the country of citizenship of the sibling of the spouse of the person who sang the opening line of "Do They Know it's Christmas?"
When does the monsoon season occur in the city which is the fashion capital of India?
Where was the creator of the Cheshire Cat born?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where Tom Ferrick is from?
What is the main international airport in the city where John III, former ruler of the country that won the women's gold medal in curling, died?
What region of the country is the state where A City Decides take place in?
When did the Oakland Raiders move to the city where the performer of Smile works?
Which county shares a border with the county of Madison Township?
Where was the composer of Ganashatru educated?
What is the country of citizenship of the spouse of the director of Texas Lady?
who claimed a homeland in parts of turkey, the country where Zakho is located, and the country where Shiraz is located?
How old do you have to be to drink with a parent in the state where Kenneth E. Killoren was born?
What was the place of death of George IV, former ruler of the country where the company that owns Virgin Holidays Cruises is based?
When did the 2008 Olympic torch arrive in the birthplace of Kang Chol-hwan?
What country did the Battle of Iconium take place in?
How many buildings in the city the corporate offices of Change of Habit's distributors are located are over 200m high?
Who makes up the majority of the population at the country where Kseniya Boguslavskaya's spouse is from?
What song was written for Justin Bieber by the producer of Songs I wrote with Amy?
Who is the spouse of the director of La pequeña señora de Pérez?
Who is the sibling of the person who directed Struggling Hearts?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the birth city of the Two New album's performer.
When was the city that the spouse of Zhuo Lin died in made the capital of China?
Who was the spouse of the For Ever Mozart director?
Who is currently prime minister of Qusay Hussein's mother's birthplace?
How many UK UNESCO World Heritage sites are in the country of citizenship of the author of The Devil is an Ass?
Who was elected mayor in the capitol of the state where Georges Doriot was educated?
Who played the performer of Live at the Star Club, Hamburg in Walk the Line?
How many inhabited islands are in the country Privilege's performer is a citizen of?
What is birth city of Jacob M. Lewis?
Along with the country where most of the US's oil comes from, one major power recognized the government of the face most closely associated with Libya's new government at an early date. What is the average construction salary in this country?
What is the biggest terrorist attack by the Islamic terrorist group that Bush said the 'war on terror' began against, on the country with the largest GDP in the world?
In what county is John Carter's birthplace?
Who was the first leader of the independent country TC Elima plays for?
When did the oakland raiders move to the work location of the performer of Here's to Never Growing Up?
How much of the glaciation in the country of citizenship of the performer of Alice Polka disappeared?
Which body of water is by the city where The Cut Direct's author was born?
Where did Chopin live with his family in the city Bolesław Leśmian died?
Who was in charge of the city that shared border with Gussago?
How many Smithsonian Museums are there in the place of death of Previously Unreleased Recording's performer?
When did the country that contains the birthplace of Reynier de Klerck refuse to surrender Namibia?
What was the original price for a replacement battery from the MessagePad developer?
Who hosted the show NASCAR on the network that aired the show that had an episode called Known Unknowns?
How many Americans live in the country where the Mitumba Mountains are?
The birthplace of William L. Swing is capital of what County?
Who was in charge of the place where Luigi Lucchini died?
In which century did the country of citizenship of Kim Pyong-il's father invade Afghanistan?
What country has the Embassy of Poland, in the city where the director of Rabid Dogs died?
Who is the first African prime minister to come to power where the person who argued that it was the role of governments to protect individual rights is a citizen?
Who is the sibling of the artist that created The Windows of the World?
What's the most popular hotel in Björn Kotzé's city of birth?
What county borders another county, in which Vernon Township is located?
What political party was the man whose writings influenced the French Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen, a member of?
When did the black plague start in the continent that contains a city that shares a border with Champagne-Ardenne?
When is the next total eclipse of the sun in the country where Albert Cox was born?
Who founded Arthur Fear's alma mater?
Where did the person who led the first french effort to colonize the new world die?
Who is the police chief from the place of death of the actor from Lucky Three?
Who was sent to the country where Wengen and Otto Furrer's birthplace is located?
Which country is Zimmerli Art Museum at the alma mater of the author of Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day located?
Who founded the conservatoire where Christopher Elton works?
What is the capitol of the state bordering the east of the state where Hello Love's performer lived when he died?
What is the incorrect term for the indigenous population originated with the first explorer to discover new land west of the continent Friesland is located and Africa?
On what peninsula can one find the region containing the mountain of La Carabassa?
What is the name of the episode of Doctor Who with the creator of Tree Roots?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Love Party?
What did the publisher of Picopict primarily rely on for its support?
What is the country of citizenship of the actor who played the first high priest of Israel in The Prince of Egypt?
What is the biggest terrorist attack by the Islamic terrorist group that Bush declared the war on terror against the country with the most gold medals in the 2016 Olympics?
Which county shares a border with the county bordering the county where New Richmond is located?
What country is the Embassy of Poland in the city where the director Rabid Dogs died located in?
Who is a sibling of the screenwriter of Tales of the Typewriter?
What forest in by the southern border of the place where Emanuel Ringelblum died?
What position asserts that the sower in the parable of the sower is the Son of God?
To what party did the third president of the united states of america belong?
What dominated the south of the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer in the 13th century?
What was the first year the manufacturer of the Mazda Bongo made Mustangs?
In 1992, who was elected president of the country where TS Malekesa is located?
When did the first Walmart open in the state where Windsor Township located?
Crawford House in the city where Jyothi's performer was born in the state where Kerry was a Lt. Gov. is an instance of what?
What city is the headquarters location of the popular global publisher that utilizes sentence case for titles and headers?
What is the name of the major railroad related museum located in the city considered the fashion capital of India?
In what ways did Kanye draw inspiration from Led Zeppelin, U2 and the band that performed Dirty Work?
The inventor of Jefferson disk was a member of which political party?
When did the publisher of Lunicus announce the remastered release of star trek for tv?
In which county is Isaac Babbitt's place of death?
How long does a high speed train take from Shanghai to the host city of the 2020 Winter Olympics?
How many Americans are there in the country containing the town of Kalima?
What is the county containing the town of Lone Hickory in the state where Norma Rae is set named after?
In which county is the city where Biedman is located?
Who co-founded the developer of Intellivision?
How close is wrigley field to the body of water that provides drinking water to the place of birth of the performer of Repetition?
What was the 2018 population of the country that hosted the 1920 Summer Olympics where the nation containing both Wengen, and the village where Otto Furrer was born, competed?
Who was the last person executed in the country having St. Patrick's culture owning Pearse Stadium?
Who plays michael myers in halloween by the performer of Zombie Live?
In which direction would you travel from the city where John Pounds died to reach Southampton?
In WW2 when did Germany invade the country that contains the cape where Gabriel Auguste Ferdinand Ducuing died?
What county borders another county where William E. McVey was born?
Who is the spouse of the actress of the Red Queen from Alice in Wonderland?
What was the country where Lalm is located named for?
When does Mary go to the country where the performer of Velvet Donkey is a citizen?
What family of languages does the old version of the language Melodymag is written part of?
What is the population of District 3's encompassing city?
What is one of the main papers of the city where Spectre filming took place after the place where Cum nimi absurdum's author died?
When was the collision between North America and the continent on which the 2002 World Cup winner is located?
When does it start to snow in the city where the person whose name was used to rename a city in 1996 lived?
What county shares a border with the county where Forest Home is located?
What is the enrollment of undergraduates at the university that Computer Chess' director attended?
Where does the Columbia River meet the ocean that contains the atoll where Motuloa is located?
The basis of the organization which uses the terms racial origin and ethnic origin interchangeably began with the signing of what?
what is the biggest terrorist attack on the country that has the most tornadoes by the group that Bush said the war on terror begins with?
What is the bus system called in the city where the author of Pedro Páramo died?
Who dropped out of the university Computer Chess' director attended and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
Who was elected president in 1992 of the country AS Maniema Union is located?
How many floors does the trump tower in the city where the I'm Every Woman performer was born have?
What shares a border with Artur Mahraun's birthplace?
In what year was the astronomical clock built in the city where Zuzana Ondrouchova died?
In which country is the region where the Chechen Republic is located in Kseniya Boguslavskaya's husband's homeland?
What county shares a border by another county, where McClellan Township is located?
What other instrument is played by the guitarist who suggested the Bee Gees move to Florida?
When did the first settlers come to the state where Jay Lorsch attended business school?
When did Oakland Raiders move to the city the songwriter of Sk8ter Boi works?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina of the country where the university where Hans Popper studied is located?
What is Baqar Rizvi's birth city the capital of?
What political party did the father of Harriet Hemings belong to?
Where does the state where Beckwith Boathouse is located rank in wind energy production?
What is the bus system called in the city where Spectre was filmed after filming where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What word formed the basis of the name of the country where Ulefoss is found?
Who was the spouse of the director of La muerte camina en la lluvia?
When did Alanders rejoin the country the performers of Best Of are from?
Where was the performer of Rossiter Road born?
How many square miles is the state where Jean-Louis Scaringella went to college?
What is the population of the city the performer of Conversations was born in?
What explorer accurately mapped the coasts of the continent where Friesland is found, and the African region where the WINEP bundles the countries of Northwest Africa?
What type of building is the Crawford House in the birthplace of Jyothi's performer in the state of Elbridge Gerry's constituency?
Where is the Army-Navy game played, in the birthplace of the lyricist who wrote Everybody Needs Somebody to Love?
Where did Peter and Paul Fortress' designer die?
What language was used by the writer of Nice Work If You Can Get It?
What language was used by the general secretary prior to Mikhail Gorbachev?
Who has written the national anthem of the country having Habarana?
How many floors are in the Trump Tower in the city where the performer of Come 2 My House was born?
Who was the first leader of the independent country where Kitona Air Base is located?
When did the first settlers come to the state where Michael Porter was educated?
When was Bantu education introduced in the country where Ella Kalsbeek was born?
What is the name of the legislative body of the city where the director of Latino was born?
Who played Barney's cousin Virgil on the show named for the old man in Waiting on a Woman?
In which county is the city where the author of Shakespeare: The World as Stage was born?
Where did the spouse of Sting Quartet No. 4's composer die?
When did Alanders rejoin the country where the Embassy of France is found in the place of birth of Leif Westerberg?
Which organ of the organization that the US and the country that invented the first satellite are member in suspended its operation in 1994?
Which county borders the county where Frankfort Township is located?
What is the size in square miles of the city the songwriter of The Rink died in?
when did hurricane sandy hit the birthplace of the artist with the album Encounters?
In what year was the city Metello's screenwriter died conquered?
In 1925, what Cuban Legend was born in the same city where Gonzalo Guell was born?
When was the Convention on the Rights of the Child by the organization that Milyanfan's country is a member of created?
Where is the Army Navy game played in the city where Got to Get You Off My Mind's performer was born?
Who is the cast member of Good Morning at the birthplace of Kashif Ibrahim?
When did the smoking ban start in the country where the Velvet Donkey performer holds citizenship?
Which episode of Doctor Who has the painter of Farms near Auvers?
What is a staple food in the country Balep korkun originated?
When does the country where AS Momekano is from experience the dry season?
How many Americans live in the country where TS Malekesa is located?
What is the country of citizenship for the child of the director of The Big Chill?
Who founded the institution where Simon Proctor was educated?
What is the area code of the state that owns Aloha Stadium?
In what country is the city where the composer of Yuppi du was born, an important travel hub?
What country has the Embassy of Poland, located in the birthplace of John XI's father?
How many people who started the great migration of the Slavs live in the colonial holding governed by Portugal in the continent Bermejo is located on?
Where did the author of Memórias Póstumas die?
Who is the sibling of Yamata's director?
What was the pantheon in the city where the creator of the Perugia Altarpiece died used for?
What instrument besides guitar and mandolin was studied by the original singer of Let it Rain?
What movie stars Morgan Freeman, Robert De Niro and Catherine Zeta-Jones's husband?
What is the seat of the county where Spring Street Freight House is located?
Where was the performer of Big Byrd: The Essence Part 2 born?
Which mountain range separates Kinnaur and Spiti from the country Ming traded horses with?
What county does the county where Harrison Township is located share a border with?
Who is the current mayor of the city where Sante Cattaneo was born?
How many people responsible for the great migration of the Slavs live in the colonial holding governed by Portugal on the continent where Saramacca District is located?
What county is the city where Harry Agganis was born located?
What was the pantheon in the death place of the Vix Pervenit's author used for?
What is the birthplace of the artist who created Marilyn Diptych?
When will the next senator from the state where Arden is located be seated?
In which state is Kattalai in the country having the birth city of the producer of The Mystic Masseur?
Who is the current mayor of the location where Georges Ridges died?
When did the country where the performer of Velvet Donkey is a citizen gain independence from England?
When did Chopin return to the city where Emanuel Ringelblum died?
Where is the IEEE Medal of Honor awarder headquartered?
What year did the publisher of Banjo-Tooie reveal the development of Twilight Princess?
What shares a border with the administrative territorial entity where Pine Grove is located?
When did Hurrican Sandy hit the city where the performer of Impressions was born?
What is John H. White's birthplace the capital of?
When did the organization that employed Major-General Saunders Alexius Abbott end?
In which county did Jesse Hoffmeister die?
When did the battle of Bolko I the Strict's place of death end?
What city is the birthplace of the pianist who released the album Heat Wave?
In which county is the city where Joshua Hill died?
What official name was given to the country where Andrey II of Vladimir's sibling was a citizen?
What year did voters in the city where the governor during the Civil War died, once again vote for a member of Mayor Turner's political party?
When did the country that contains the place of death of Juliana of Lazarevo, first host the Summer Olympics?
Who mothered the hostess of the party where Chopin met George Sand?
What is the seat of the county where Arcadia is located in the state where Heron Rookery is located?
Who conspired to bring about a revolution, in the country that the WWII leader of the Luftwaffe aligned Germany with?
How many square miles is the state that contains the school where Georges Doriot received his education?
Who was born in 1925 in the city of Isaac Nicola's birth?
In what county is the city containing KSTZ located?
When was the first railway line between Kotri and the city where Pakistan National Shipping Corporation's headquarter was located constructed?
What is the main party district of the city where Spectre was filmed after filming where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
In which episode of Doctor Who did a character based on the creator of Trees and Undergrowth appear?
When did the bombing of the place that caused the country that invented Chinese take out to start fighting in WW2 occur?
What is daily subway ridership in the city where Spectre filming moved after the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What instrument did the guitarist for the band Cream study?
Özer Hurmacı's birthplace shares a border with what?
Who is the minister of higher education and scientific research in the country of citizenship of The Horsemen cast member?
Which episode is the one of Doctor Who with the artist developing At Eternity's Gate?
Who became CEO of the record label that produced Something in the Night?
Based on population alone, what is the ranking of the city having the Courthouse of the birthplace of James Glisson in the country winning the rugby 7 in Las Vegas?
who founded Rosemarie Wright's alma mater?
Who was the child of Maria Leopoldina of the Hans Koller's university's botanical garden's country?
When did the iPhone 6 by the manufacturer of MacBook Pro come out?
In which country did the spouse of the director of The Camels are Coming hold citizenship?
When did the distributor of The Best People announce the remastered release of Star Trek for television?
Whose spouse performed Sinatra: Vegas?
Who is the sibling of the director of The Girl from Maxim's?
What county does the state where Me, Myself and Irene was filmed have?
What subject was studied in Mustafa Karim's birthplace?
Where was the director of Two educated?
Who is the spouse of the singer of Seduction?
When was the city where the governor during the Civil War died added to the union?
What county borders another county, where the borough of South Renovo is located?
What language did the author of the book the story of my life use?
How many smithsonian museums are located where the man Eisenhower endorsed against Kennedy worked during the Watergate scandal?
what was the pantheon in the city that was the center of imperial life in the empire with the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience used for?
Who was the sibling of Number 111's producer?
What body of water is Nguyễn Lộc's city of birth located or next to?
How old are some of the private schools in Charles P. Snyder's birthplace?
Where was the performer of Jamal at the Penthouse born?
What character did the star of Michael Collins play in Star Wars?
What was the name of the hurricane that hit the country where the river Lujan River turns into is located in 2017?
What county borders another county, where the borough of Beech Creek is found?
when was the Golden Gate Bridge in the place Dragonwings is set built?
When was the creator of Annunciation born?
Who is the spouse of the person who directed A Story of Water?
When was the last time the state which owns Aloha Stadium was hit by a hurricane?
When does the country Bafwasende is located experience dry season?
In 1992, who was elected president of the country where US Tshinkunku is based?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Baby Don't You Do It?
What was the first year the Mustang was manufactured by the company that used the slogan everything we do is driven by you?
What region shares a border with the administrative territorial entity that includes Marion Township?
What is the population of the area where Slipknot was formed?
Where does the Merrimack River start in the state where Don Ebert was born?
Who is the Deputy Prime Minister of the country where area code 242 is found?
Who was the brother of the United Artists Corporation founder?
What cigars are named after the island capital of the country of origin for Nino Rivera?
In 1992, who was elected president of the country where the town of Kitona is located?
Mangalyaan of the country having Goa was sent to the planet containing Outflow channels by launching what?
In which military branch did the person who signed the treaty with Russia to purchase the state where Mount Gordon is located serve?
How many students attended the university Allan Wicker was educated in fall 2014?
Who was the U.S. president immediately after the conflict in which the HMS Nairana served?
The 1998 Tour of the official name of the country Boesingheliede is located is an instance of what?
Where was the performer of Nature: The Essence Part Three born?
Who is the country where Kjell Kristian Rike birthplace is located named after?
What university did the director responsible for Hirak Rajar Deshe attend?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Far Cry?
What country is in the middle of the ocean containing the atoll where a deep water berth is available on Tuvalu?
Who did Barry Wesson's team play in the World Series last year?
When was Kevin Lamoureux's party formed?
What is the last name of the explorer who founded the Black or White director's birthplace?
What entity did Nasser spearhead to boost the economy in the country where the star of The Horsemen was from?
Who founded the company that manufactures Dacia Duster?
Who is the spouse of the actress who plays the fairy godmother in the new Cinderella?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor was a citizen and the country home to Al-Qubeir?
What did some think of the man who lent his name to the place Eugene Blair died changing the phrasing in his book?
Who produced the series Acme Animation Factory is part of?
Where is the Army-Navy game played in the birthplace of the Everybody Needs Somebody to Love performer?
Who was the first leader of the independent country having AS Mabela a Bana?
What county is Chad Crandell's place of birth a part of?
Where was the producer of Camp born?
When did the country Ella Kalsbeek was born refuse to surrender Namibia?
What did the organization that the country Milyanfan is located in a member of name "The Trusteeship Of The Powerful"?
What California county contains the birthplace of Arlene B. Arcillas?
When did the second world war end in the country where the screenwriter of Un-estate ai Caraibi held citizenship?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Mistletoe and Holly?
In 1772, who established the first committee of correspondence in the capitol of the state where Georges Doriot was education?
At birth, what was the first name of the first Pope to visit five continents?
What was the country where Alausa is located named for?
What is the population of Desmet in the state Philip Testerman was born?
Who is the spouse of the cast member of La Boum?
Where did the Dakota tribe live in the state where the Timberwolves are based?
Where is the Army Navy Game played in the birthplace of Don't Give Up on Me's performer?
What is the body of water near the city where Coffins on Io's performer was formed?
Who is the person who influential in education and is from the country where the village of Wengen and the village where Otto Furrer was born?
The location where Chumbi Valley is found was made an integral part of India under which amendment?
When was the Bobby Sox to Stockings performer's birthplace established as a city?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor was a citizen and the country home to Al-Bayda?
When was the last time that the team that Doug Hudson was a member of, went to the Superbowl?
What city, known for a dam with same name, is located in the county that also contains the community of Durham?
What county contains the city where the residence of the performer of Underneath is located?
When was the Golden Gate Bridge built in the city where Chen lived in 2005?
When did they build the astronomical clock in the city Jaroslav Drobný is from?
What was the first name of the author of Sacerdotalis Caelibatus at birth?
What county contains the city where George Hood was born?
What military branch was served in by the president during the purchase of the state where Tana Glacier is located?
When is dry season in the country where Kalima is located?
Who was the sibling of the director of Lilies of the Field?
who is the spouse of the College Swing director?
Who was the sibling of Maria Leopoldina, of the country where, along with Germany and the nation that has a spiral viaduct at the birthplace of Karin Thomas, Lake Constance is found?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Ego Tripping Out?
Which mountain range separates Kinnaur and Spiti from the region where the Sino-Nepalese War occurred?
By which century had the city of birth of the director of Eye for an Eye started becoming a prominent capital city?
Which county contains the residence city of the performer of Now Is the Time?
Who played barney's cousin virgil on the show named for the person who played the role of ben matlock in the original series?
Who is the screenwriter of the film sharing its name with the city where Ganju Lama was born?
By what name is the Brahmaputra known in Bangladesh, and the region where the Yongle Emperor sent Yang Sanbao?
When did the country that Velvet Donkey's performer is a citizen abolish the authority of the pope?
When did the the country followed by the kingdom where government phonology is popular last see a total eclipse?
What is the main international airport in the death city of John III of the country having The Other Sport ?
Who is the spouse of the performer of "Just Like"?
When did the Black Death end on the continent where the watercourse that is the mouth of the Tikhaya Sosna is found?
What was the place of death for the French explorer who first arrived in Canada in 1534?
In which county is the city where Matt Snider was born located?
Who was the child of Maria Leopoldina of the country where the painter of The Bride of the Wind was a citizen?
Who is the spouse of the person who directed Batman?
Where had the director of Ganashatru matriculated?
The place where Lafe Ward was educated is located in what county?
When did Germany occupy the country where Gabriel August Ferdinand Ducuing died during WWII?
When did the first settlers come to the state where Ridgway B. Knight was educated?
What year was the city Metello's director died conquered?
Which verse in Luke states that Mary had "no relations with man" before the birth of the first person baptized in the Bible?
What country is the Embassy of Poland, in the city where the father of Gioffre Borgia died, located?
When was the Great Plague in the city where the person who gave her blessing to further privateering raids against Spanish ports born?
What educational institution is located in the city where the owner of IMDB is headquartered?
On what date did Banjo-Tooie's publisher unveil the new systems?
What comprehensive school was established in the place where Plas Newydd is located?
Who is the employer of the person who said the greatest good for the greatest number?
Where is the location of the region where the mountain of Montdois is found?
What country did the 2004 Summer Olympics occur?
In what year did the publisher of Uniracers start the development of Twilight Princess?
Who dropped out of the university Funny Ha Ha's screenwriter attended and became the person people refer to as the founder of public relations?
The Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution's director's birth city has how many students in public schools?
The Embassy of Poland in the Cops and Robbers screenwriter's birthplace is in what country?
How many Smithsonian Museums are there in the place where Night Crawler's performer died?
How many episodes of the work in which Donald Cragen is present are about the menendez brothers?
What is the largest lake in the country where the villages of Wengen and the place of birth for Franzi Aufdenblatten are located?
What is the classification of the country where Roberto Visentini was born?
Who was in charge of the city where the performer of Relentless lives?
What region of the country is the city where Don Ebert was born located on the map?
What is the least popular official language of where the villages of Wengen and the place of birth of Otto Furrer are located?
What was the use for the Pantheon in the city where the painter of Annunciation of Cortona died?
What county shares a border with another county, where Sharon Township can be found?
What is the city where Perween Rahman died the capitol of?
Who is the spouse of the I'll Be Doggone performer?
Of which county is the city where James Madison Leach died the seat?
Whose spouse performed Dedicated to You?
Who is the deputy prime minister of the country that encompasses Inagua National Park?
Who is the mayor of the birthplace of Emilio Del Bono?
Who does the star of the movie Taken play in Star Wars 1?
For which country does the daughter of Report from the Aleutians' director hold citizenship?
How many state representatives are there in the state serving as the jurisdiction for the Wyandotte Constitution?
How long in development was the game set in the birth city of the artist behind A Night at the Vanguard?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group with which Bush said the war on terror begins against the country where John Haviland died?
How many natioanl female outdoor track and field championships have been won by Joe Lutkenhaus's employer?
What magnitude earthquake hit the fashion capital of India on September 2011?
Who has been designated as the first emperor of the place where the creator of Annunciation of Cortona died?
What county shares a border with the county Clarksville is located in?
Most skyscrapers in the birthplace of the director of The Day of the Locust are located where?
What area is the city where Hans Lange was born located?
What is the name of the river that runs through the birthplace of the performer of Preminado?
Zarrin Dasht County's Iranian province was known by what in a former language?
Transport in the birthplace of the Yuppi du screenwriter occurs within which country?
The Flora the Red Menace lyricist died in city that covers how many square miles?
Which country held the 2015 football season with the league having the sports team with Marcus Mårtensson as a member?
Who is the spouse of Big Eye's main director?
How many LDS stakes are in the largest city in southeastern part of the state Humboldt Range is located?
What genre shared by Jedi Mind Tricks is Kanye credired for moving away from?
What is the most popular hotel in Stefan Ludik's birthplace?
How many museums are in the city where Kazimierz Dejmek died?
What county is James B. Forsyth's place of death located in?
How many square miles is the state where the college that Euvin Naidoo attended is found?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the performer in Dead City Radio and the New Gods of Supertown?
What is the largest lake in the country where the villages of Wengen and Otto Furrer's birth place locate?
What company is the largest employer in the city where the director of Indian Summer was born?
When did Chopin return to the city where Kazimierz Dejmek died?
Where was the director of Aparajito educated?
What is the population of Arlene B. Arcillas's birthplace in California?
When was state of emergency declared in the country Churchill Snow is from?
How many floors are in the Palmer House in the birthplace of the performer of What Cha' Gonna Do for Me?
What title did the resident of Sandringham House hold?
Who led a successful Marxist revolution in the country neighboring the country where Deoksancheon is located?
What is the body of water by the city where Arnold Bode died?
Where did the performer of New Faces, New Sounds die?
When does fall weather start in the state where the candidate who won the South Carolina primary was a senator?
Who was the first leader of the independent nation where the AS Saint-Luc football club operates?
When is the last time a hurricane hit the continent where the city that shares a border with Champagne-Ardenne is?
Which county shares a border with the county where Spring Creek is located?
In which county is the city in which KFLQ is licensed?
How many Americans live in the country where there is a football club named Sporting Club Cilu?
Who played the It'll Be Me singer in Walk the Line?
When was Wufeng district's country ceded to Japan?
When did trolley buses stop running in the birthplace of Anthony Stuart?
What administrative territorial entity contains the place where John H. White was born?
What county did George Bullard die in?
How many floors are there in the Palmer House, in the city where the performer of The Platinum Collection was born?
When did Hurrican Sandy hit the city where the performer of The Opening was born?
What is the county where Lone Hickory in the state where Raleigh is the capital of named after?
What is the country of citizenship of Augustin Paus's father named after?
Why did the country beaten by the US in the Miracle on Ice complain about the action of the U.S. to the organization that legislated United Nations Security Council Resolution 731?
To what is the diplomatic mission of the Polish embassy in the birth city of the screenwriter of Casanova 70?
Who founded A&T state university located in the state containing the city where the individual who was governor during the Civil War died?
What is the most popular hotel in Quinton Jacobs' birthplace?
Who is minister of local government in the country where Mount Selinda is located?
When did the first establishment McDonaldization is named after open in the country Faceby is located?
Where is the Army Navy Game played in the birthplace of Rock 'n Soul's performer?
Which country is in the middle of the body of water in which Motumua's atoll located?
What is Nasir Zaidi's birthplace the capital of?
Where is the crying stone found in the President's father's country?
Which Columbian president went to the same university Computer Chess' director attended?
Who is the spouse of the director of Jump for Glory?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Hello Broadway?
What job did the Pitti Tondo creator have?
when did the Y. pestis reach the country of citizenship of Chloridia's author?
Where was the German campaign in the country where the sports club that owns Ecatepec is located?
When did the political party which has Claude Duplain as a member form?
Which season of American Idol featured the creator of I Kissed a Girl as a guest judge?
When did the first large winter carnival happen in Olivier Robitaille's place of death?
Who was the explorer that accurately mapped the coasts of the continent Armenia is located in and the WINEP bundled countries in Northwest Africa?
Where did the spouse of the Wind Quintet composer die?
What county is Eugene F. Endicott's birthplace located in?
Who is the current mayor of the city found in the county William Selden was born in?
Who was the first leader of the independent country AS Maïka plays for?
What the country of citizenship of the child of Silverado's producer?
Who was the spouse of the performer of Come Get to This?
What cigars are named for the island capital of the country where Agustin Cardenas lived?
What county is George D. Hart's place of death a part of?
When was the last time Larry Moriarty's team went to the Super Bowl?
What is the country of transport in the death city of the spouse of Zhuo Lin?
When was the circus maxiumus built in the city where the author of Inter caetera died?
Who made Liang Congjie's birthplace his capital?
Plymouth's county shares a border with which other county?
What subject was studied in the country where Ibn Muqla was born?
What organization does Melvin Purvis's employer share jurisdiction with?
Who is the sibling of the director of Tales of the Typewriter?
What county holds the city where Kevin Little was born?
In which county is the city to which KLFQ is licensed to broadcast to?
what is the biggest terrorist attack against the country with the most millionaires by the Islamic terrorist group that Bush said the 'war on terror' begins with?
How many TEUs were handled in Shlomo Venezia's birthplace in 2010?
When is the dry season in Yohan M'Vila's country?
Where is the place of death for the person who created Der Taucher?
Who is the wife of Kim Jong-chul?
Kanye is credited for the shift away from what genre of music shared by Mode 9?
What is the country of citizenship of the spouse of the director of Action for Slander ?
From what word is the name derived of the country where the mountain of Bruri is located?
What job did the creator of Angel have?
What county shares a border with another county, where the community of Firebrick is located?
What did the employer of the mother of Alexander Aris name "The Trusteeship Of The Powerful"?
When did the entertainment company who owned the Rialto Theatre announce the remastered release of Star Trek for TV?
When was the DeDe Dinah performer's birthplace established as a city?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the city where the performer of Left Alone was born?
Who dropped out of the school where the screenwriter of Results was educated and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
When did Kofi's country of citizenship become a member of Caricom?
Who is the spouse of the singer who composed Trouble Man?
How far is Raleigh from the city containing the school where Charles Oakley was educated?
Where did Mok Kwai-lan's spouse die?
Where is the city where Helen Hardin was born located?
What was the original price of a replacement battery from the developer of Logic Studiio?
Who is the spouse of the singer of Eimai?
When did the manufacturer of a pedometer accessory for the iPod become a publicly traded company?
What is the capital of the county where the town of Wallburg is located?
How high is the highest point in the city where Robert Gliński was born?
Which organ of the organization of which the country where Talas can be found is a member has suspended its operations since 1994?
What is a staple food in the city where Marpa Lotsawa was born?
Who does the cast member of Michael Collins play in Star Wars I?
What's the population of the city where the performer of Out There was born?
How many meters above sea level is the city where Spectre filming moved after the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
By which century had the birthplace of the Cold Comfort Farm director started becoming a prominent city?
When was gay marriage legalized in the city where Spectre was filmed after filming where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What is the percentage of agriculture in GDP of the country Sooni Taraporevala was born in?
What is the country where Teie is located named after?
What college did Seemabaddha's composer attend?
Where was the capital before Nguyễn Lộc's birthplace?
What part of Utah is the city where Ralph Vary Chamberlin died?
Which part of the organization US and the country that Russia was called after the revolution are members in has suspended its operations since 1994?
When did Muslims invade the country where Al-Bayda is located and the country where Kleicha is the national cookie?
When was the last earthquake in the country where Ana María was a citizen?
How many square miles is the state that contains the school where Ridgway B. Knight was educated?
Who played the artist who performed To Make Love Sweeter for You in Walk the Line?
The business publishing Vertical Force relied primarily on what for its support?
which organ of the body that Milyanfan's country is a member of has suspended its operations since 1994
Where did the spouse of the composer of String Quartet No. 2 die?
What shares a border with Rivière-Verte in the province Joe Barzda was born in?
When did Muslim armies invade the country containing Al-Fayadiyah and the country of citizenship of the person who followed Al-Mu'tamid?
Who is the spouse of the person who recorded Kravgi?
Who makes up the majority of the population in the nation whose capital is the place of residence of the man Korolyov is named after?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina of the same country that Murderer, the Hope of Women's author is a citizen?
When did Siemens open in the city where Sergey Fursenko was born?
Who was the first governor of the state that contains Washington University in the city where Don Ebert was born?
What county contains the place of birth of Clint Benedict?
In what consortium of eastern Hampshire County colleges is Frank Boyden's alma mater?
When did the country where Daniël de Blieck's birth place is located refuse to surrender Namibia?
Who is the sibling of the producer of Strange Evidence?
What is the county where Lone Hickory is located in the state Mayberry can be found in the Andy Griffith show named after?
What episode of doctor who features the artist who created Plain near Auvers?
What is the large art school in the place where Spectre filming took place after it was done in the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What county has the city where George Roby Dempster was born as its capital?
Which major Russian city borders the body of water that contains Ertholmene?
When did Blue Man Group start in the birthplace of the performer of Subject to Change?
What Cuban legend was born in 1925 in the city where Eliseo Grenet died?
In what country is the community of Logan which is in a county that shares a border with Barry County and the state where Fairground Park is located?
At what university was the director of Mahapurush educated?
Where can you find the majority of gold in the southernmost country on the continent where Legend of the Lost was filmed?
Who does the voice actor of Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia play in Star Wars Episode I?
In which country is the Embassy of Poland located in the birthplace of the screenwriter of Donatella?
When did the country that the leader of the Luftwaffe aligned with join the allies in ww2?
How long was the game with name starting with the death city of the person proposing a counter proposal to the Wilmot proviso and ending with become human developed for?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina of the country Lake Constance is located, besides Germany and the country of Moonraisers?
Who was elected president in 1992, of the country where AS Mabela a Bana operates?
A ruler once authorized raids against Spanish ports. What is the current population of her birth city?
Who did Asher Wojciechowski's team play in the world series last year?
The county having Lone Hickory in the birth state of Barbara Stager was named after which river?
Who fathered the leader first to reach Asia sailing across the same body of water that surrounds Lafanga?
Who produced the Crocodile Dundee film, set in and titled after the city with the headquarters of the employer of John Kennedy?
Where did the author of Jalan Tak Ada Ujung die?
In which country is Zion located in the same state as McClellan Township?
What other instrument is played by the musician who played lead guitar on the Beatles song While My Guitar Gently Weeps?
What Columbia President went to the university that hired the person who declared the American frontier "closed" in 1893?
When did blue man group start in the birth city of the performer of Up Popped the Two Lips?
Who is the screenwriter of the documentary about and named after the country containing Chumbai Valley?
When did Joe Lutkenhaus's employer start issuing degrees in engineering?
In what part of R. Jay GaBany's birthplace does Interstate 26 begin?
What district does Gustav Kaupert's birth place share border with?
In what part of the city where the director of "The Tale of Sweeney Todd" was born are the most skyscrapers?
What is the country of citizenship of the father of Farewell My Friend's performer?
Which body of water is by the author of The Hollow Chest's birthplace?
What is the body of water near Joseph Thoburn's birthplace?
When was a non aggression pact signed by Germany and the country for which the father of Kim Pyong-il was also a citizen?
In which country was Wilhelm Emil Fein born?
When did Blue Man Group start in the city where the performer of Spirit of Nuff... Nuff was born?
Who is the spouse of the individual who appeared on the $20 bill in 1875?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the performer of Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor?
What is the name of the castle in the city where Johann Lohel died?
Who owns the four seasons hotel in the city where the performer of If It Wasn't True died?
Who founded the company that built the AMR 35?
Who is the spouse of the actress who plays the Queen of Hearts in Alice and Wonderland?
Who is the spouse of the director of Goodbye to Language?
Maria Leopoldina of the country where the Botanical Garden of where Alfred Biasiadeck was educated is the child of?
How many Americans live in the country where TP Molounge is located?
Who is the sibling of the director of Love and the Devil?
Who is the sibling of the producer of The Girl from Maxim's?
How many square miles is the urban area of the city where the creator of K.B. Blues was born?
When was the ferris wheel built in the city where the author of The Guardian died?
How many Smithsonian Museums are in the city where New York Jazz's performer died?
what is the country of citizenship of the child of The Kremlin Letter's director?
In which century did the country where the author of With the Century is a citizen invade Afghanistan?
How much was pledged by the country of citizenship of the person who voiced Sally in Cars?
Who is the current mayor of the city in the county Montrose is located in?
Who was the spouse of the performer of A Man and His Music?
Who is the sibling of the person who wrote the music for Once More with Feeling?
What is the capital of the county where the town of Midway is located?
Are these other languages learned in the country that Eisenhower was the President of as popular as the language spoken in the country with the oldest navy in the world?
In which administrative territorial entity is Amir Jan Sabori's city of birth?
What school was the director of Sukumar Ray educated at?
When does the academic year start in Samuel Dyer's country of origin?
What is the biggest terrorist attack by the group Bush said the 'war on terror' began with, on the country with the Federal Detention Center found where Espers was formed?
What is the population of the city where the cast member of The Adventures of Rex and Rinty lived when he died?
Where is the region in which Puig Drau is located?
The version of Halloween by the performer of Scum of the Earth has who playing Michael Myers?
What language family does IRIB Ofogh broadcast in?
When was smoking banned in restaurants in the state that contains the city where the singer of Hello Love died?
When did the country where Jean-Santos Muntubila was born become independent?
What word was the name of the country where the waterfall of Kvinnefossen is found, derived from?
Where is the child of the director of I Love You to Death from?
In which part of the state where the Albany Law Review is published is Rochester located?
Who is the General Treasurer of Providence Plantations and the state where the Seekonk River is located?
The transportation network in the birth city of the spouse of Claudia Mori is a node of what country's transportation system?
In 2010, what amount of TEUs were handled by the city where George Andreadis died?
Who is the spouse of the director of Me, Gangster?
When was the company that employed Sir Thomas Metcalfe, 4th Baronet, established in India?
Who is the spouse of the person under whose direction La symphonie fantastique was produced?
Who is the spouse of Ernest the Rebel's director?
When did Alanders rejoin the country that has the Embassy of France, in the city where Abraham Hirsch died?
What county shares a border with the other county where Dunnstown is located?
What is the main international airport in the death place of John III of the country for We Are the Best!?
How many Americans live in the country where US Tshinkunku is based?
Who produced the Crocodile Dundee film set in the city where the canine actor who was in The Lightning Warrior, died?
Who was the father of the person who led the first expedition to reach Asia by sailing west across the body of water Hanamaulu is located?
When did the manufacturer of Josta change from sugar to corn syrup?
What county is Linda McCarriston's birth city located in?
Who is the sibling of Harrison and Barrison's producer?
When did the Blue Man Group start in the birthplace of the man who performed You Know the Number?
Who was the governor of the colony where the Israel Arnold House is located?
What were the biggest terrorist attacks by the group Bush declared war against in the country with the world's largest economy in 2014?
What country hosted the 2004 Summer olympics in the city Alleycat's Pizza's headquarters is located?
What region shares border with the region where Drury Run is located?
In which county did Charlie Sprague die?
What is the name of the smaller airport near the city where filming in Spectre took place after they filmed in the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What city contains the town that owns the Stadio Comunale?
Who did the team that employed Eric Anthony play in the 2017 World Series?
What cigars are named for the island capital of the country where the town of Corralillo is located?
What region of the country contains the state which contains the city where the documentary A City Decides was set and a college called Washington University is located?
Who dropped out of the school that employed the writer of The Significance of the Frontier in American History, and became known by many as the founder of public relations?
What does the acronym for Dale Cooper's employer stand for?
What's the citizen country of the actor who plays John, in the movie where the title requests a meeting, in the city where James Cuno was born?
Where is the club owned by the Bohemian Grove located?
When was the Parthenon built in Nashville, in the state Hello Love's performer died?
When did the first settlers come to US state having the business school attended by Constantinos C. Markides?
How many Americans live in the country of citizenship of Barly Baruti?
Who is the White Nights director's sibling?
What is the total area of the capitol of the state where Georges Doriot was educated?
Kanye is credited with creating what after his shift away from the genre Jerome Harmon is known for?
What social activities have Muslim's contributed to in The Mystic Masseur film's producer's birth country?
When did Muslim armies invade the two countries known for Al-Qaryatayn and Kleicha?
Who produced the Crocodile Dundee film set in the city where the headquarters of the company owning Jim Henson Pictures is located?
When did the Kuomintang (KMT; Nationalist Party) defeat and take over the city going to hold the Olympics in 2022 ?
Which country contains the region where the chechen republic is located in the region who inherited Olympic medals?
Who build the largest ancient Inca empire in the region that American studies is a facet of?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the city where the performer of the album Kaleidoscope died?
Who is the brother of the developer of Buffy the Animated Series?
When did the Kuomintang (KMT; Nationalist Party) defeat and take over Wang Xiaolong's birth city?
When did hurricane Sandy hit the birth city of the performer of Number Nineteen?
What is the main international airport in birth place of the director of The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest?
In which county was Scratch born?
Who founded the college Robin Blaze attended?
Who is the spouse of the artist who recorded Too Busy Thinking About My Baby?
The home country of Privilege's performer has a smoking ban. When did the ban start?
What county shares a border with another county that contains Browning Township?
What is the main tool used by the employer of Melvin Purvis against organized crime?
In 2009, what was the population of whites in the city where the author of The Marriage Plot was born?
Where did Chopin live with his family in the city where Ryszard Rumianek was born?
What county neighbors the California county containing Lake Valley?
How old do you have to be to drink with a parent in the state where Fairmount Township is located?
Who's the chief justice of Kaakie's country of citizenship?
The first railway line between Baqar Rizvi's birthplace and Kotri was constructed in?
When did settlers first arrive in the state where Richard S. Tedlow's alma mater is located?
How many inhabitants live in the birthplace of the spouse of the person who sang the opening line of "Do They Know it's Christmas?"
Where did the 2008 Olympics torch relay begin, in the city where the monarch who ejected the Benedictines in 1559, was born?
Who is the spouse of Joy's performer?
What county contains the city where Ralph Wendell Burhoe was born?
By which century had the birth city of the person who ejected the Benedictines again in 1559 started becoming a prominent capital city?
What is the seat of the county where Bethesda is located?
Who is the deputy prime minister of the place where After Sunset was filmed?
Which episode of Doctor Who featured a character based on the artist of The Village at Sunset?
Which county shares a border with the county in which Allen can be found?
What region of the country where Washington University in the the city where Don Ebert was born located?
What political party did the man mostly responsible for writing the Declaration of Independence belong to?
What county shares a border with another county, where the town of Warren can be found?
What university did the screenwriter of Badshahi Angti go?
Who was the first leader of the independent nation where the town of Basoko is found?
Crawford House in the city where Jyothi's performer was born in the state where the Charles River Peninsula is located is an instance of what?
What district shares a border with the birthplace of Hermann LIngnau?
when did the first settlers come to the state with the university where Joseph L. Badaracco went?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina from the country where the Botanical Garden of the school where August Kanitz was educated can be found?
When did the publisher of Paris to the Moon form?
Grizzly Peak is part of the county sharing a border with which other county?
Where was the creator of Men in Her Life born?
Which body of water is by the place where Fyodor Panayev died?
What is the country where Lilletorget is located named after?
In which county was Lawrence Joseph Henderson born?
Which cigars are named for the capitol of the country where Bolivia is located?
Who is the father of Lady Xu Xinyue's spouse?
What country is the founder of The People of Freedom's birthplace located?
What is the country of citizenship of the father of the performer of You and I?
What style of electronic dance music originated in the city where the performer of Intermezzo was born?
What year saw the release of Bram Stoker's work, in which John Seward is present?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Try It Baby?
Who is the mayor of the city where Pietro Gnocchi died?
What is the minimum age to buy a handgun in the state for which is named the river spanned by the Alden Bridge?
How many number 1 hits did the band responsible for the song Amsterdam have?
What was name of hurricane that hit the country with the river that Luján River turns into?
Who claimed a homeland in parts of Turkey, the county where Tell Mazmusian is located, and the country Shiraz is in?
In what country is the Embassy of Poland in the city where the director of Lady Liberty was born?
What county is Toby Stevenson's birthplace the seat of?
What city in the province where Kingsclear is located borders Riviere-Verte?
Where was the performer of Extensions born?
When did Alanders rejoin the country from which the Live and Learn performer originated?
When did the country of Okkupert leave the Kalmar Union?
What country is the region where Chechen is located in the country AGT is from part of?
What year was conquering of the city where the screenwriter of Farewell Moscow died?
The city where KBQI is found, is located in which county, and state?
When did the birth city of the director of the film "Darling" start to become prominent?
When does the country AS Lokole plays for experience dry season?
What county shares a border with the county where Bath Township is located?
What is the population of the city where a character from The Man Hunter died?
Who is the deputy prime minister for the country where Bahamas Ministry of Tourism and Aviation is located?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the creator of Superbeast?
What town is found in the same county as Lorraine?
Who was in charge of the colony in the state where Butterfly Pond is located?
Where did the person who propagated the theology of the man whose liturgical feast is on September 26th during his papacy die?
Where was the director of Kiss born?
When does the school year start in the country where the Live and Learn performer is from?
How high is the highest point in the city where Kazimierz Dejmek died?
How many square miles is the state where the college Clayton M. Christensen teaches at is located?
The city where Nguyễn Phan Chánh died is located next to which body of water?
What was the military branch of the man who signed the treaty with Russia, to purchase the place where Out of the Wild was filmed?
What is the most popular hotel where Costa Khaiseb was born?
How many Smithsonian Museums are in the city where the performer of soul people died?
What is the country of citizenship of the child of Fat City's producer?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor was a citizen and the country home to Al-Mahabah?
Who is the cuban legend born in 1925 in the city Leon Ichaso was born?
What Columbia president went to the school that is the employer of the developer of Wassily Chair?
How many miles northwest is Stanford from the city where the Berryessa neighborhood is located?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina of the country having Lake Constance besides Germany and the country containing the villages of Wengen and the municipality housing Monte Rosa Hotel?
What county shares a border with the county Lancha Plana is located?
What shares a border with the birthplace of Martin Strege?
What is the country in the middle of the body of water Teafuone is located?
What country is the location of the chechen republic of the country where exhibits were held a part of?
What is the city where Geo Films is headquartered the capitol of?
Who is the father of the person who created the Cheshire Cat?
How many congressional districts are there in birth state of James A. Chapman?
when did the second world war end in the country where the South Kensington director has citizenship?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Mayer is located and the country where kleicha is made?
What is the average family income where Jyothi's performer was born?
On what field is the Army-Navy game played in the city where the artist associated with Everybody Needs Somebody to Love was born?
What was the first name at birth of the pope who wrote Romano Pontifici Eligendo?
Who is the current mayor of the birthplace of Foots Walker?
Which county is the birth place of A Walk in the Woods's author located?
How did the organization in which St. Barts became a part of in 2012 rank the economy of the country having Wengen and the birth village of Otto Furrer?
How many floors does the Palmer House have in the city where Come 2 My House's performer was born?
Where was the producer of Blow Job born?
What is the pyramid building in the city Carlos Villa is from?
What is the capital of the state containing the Marie Adelaide Leprosy Centre?
Who dropped out of the alma mater of the man who owns the gold spike in the city where The Killers was founded and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
What country is in the middle of the body of water in which the atoll encompassing Faiava Lasi is located?
What was the military branch of the man who was president when the state containing Yahtse Glacier was purchased?
When did the Oakland Raiders move to the work location of the musician who performed Fall to Pieces?
In what year was the publisher of City of the Sun formed?
When was the country where Lidice is located colonized by the country where a terrorist bombing Gaddafi's Libya was supposedly involved in occurred?
When was the birthplace of Just Ask Your Heart's performer established as a city?
In what year did the Oakland Raiders move to the city that is the work location for the singer who wrote Wish You Were Here?
What country is the child of the screenwriter of Freud: The Secret Passion from?
Who founded the institution at which Dominic John was educated?
What is the population of the state where James A. Chapman was born?
What was the position of the person who served as a minister to the country Orsini is from and who negotiated a treaty in 1795?
Who was the spouse of the performer of Sinatra: London?
What was the job of the Rondanini Pieta painter?
What is the country of citizenship of the child of Grand Canyon's producer?
what is the body of water by the birthplace of the author of The Iron Crew?
Françoise Lepage died in what county?
Who founded the developer of Space Spartans?
Which mountain range separates Kinnaur and Spiti from the country where BBC is banned from reporting?
Who is the child of Maria Leopoldina of the country that borders Lake Constance, besides Germany and the country Otto Furrer's birthplace is located?
How many museums are in the city where Zdzisław Stieber died?
When was the city where Jake Ehrlich died founded?
When was the first mall built in the country containing the city that is the birthplace of the Autobiography of a Princess producer?
How many floors does trump tower the the birth city of the performer of What Cha' Gonna Do for Me have?
How did the person the city where Eugene Blair died was named after respond to the claims that certain animals could not have evolved through natural selection?
What is Terry Cox's birthplace the capital of?
When was the convention on the rights of the child of the organization having the country containing Kaindy as a member created?
When did Alanders rejoin the country the Embassy of France is located in the city Ernst Trygger died?
In which county was Todd Sears born?
In what city was the director of Invitation to the Dance born?
What country is the Embassy of Poland, in the city where The Organizer's screenwriter was born, located?
What is the tallest building today where Babycakes was set?
What is the name of the Chief Minister of the location that is the place of birth for Balavant Apte?
When were the mosaics in the church where the Cemetery Basilica is created?
What is the hockey club of the city where George Ridges died?
What other instrument was played by the guitarist who has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame the most times?
How many Smithsonian museums are there in the location where the performer of In Walked Sonny died?
What cigars are named after the island capital of the country where Misleydis Gonzalez lived?
People where Jennifer Guevara was born use what official currency?
Which Beeswax director's alma mater drop-out is considered the founder of public relations?
Which company owns the company through which the TCM Vault Collection was released?
A nation which has a Federal Detention Center in the birthplace of Margaret Mead has been attacked by a terrorist group who Bush targeted with the 'war on terror'. What is the biggest attack by that group on that nation?
When did the admiral twin open in the city where Oral Roberts University is located?
How did the Japanese win the country expanded to during the Manchu Dynasty by the country where guānjīnyuán was a currency?
What is the religion of Ivan III of the country having the residence place of the person inspiring rename of a city to Korolyov?
What guarantees fundamental rights in the birth country of The Mystic Masseur's producer?
What county is Province House in?
The county with Tahoe Valley shares a border with which other county?
What school was the screenwriter of the film Two educated at?
What year was the city where Husband and Lover's director died conquered?
Who played the performer of "One Minute Past Eternity" on Walk the Line?
What was the major nationalist movement in the country with the largest economy in Africa?
In which county is the town KNFM is licensed in?
When was the last time the birth city of the performer of Boss Life had a hurricane?
What county shares a border with another county, where Green Township can be found?
Who wrote the national anthem of the country where the village of Manalkadu is found?
What is the original language of A Kiss From the producer of The Love Light?
What dynasty gave birth to the empire that the Burgraviate of Nuremberg was part of?
In which county is the city in which KDPS is licensed?
What's the most points scored by the player with the most career points in the NBA?
When did the state where Don Ebert's birthplace is located on the map become an open carry state?
The child of the director of the movie Mumford is a citizen of what country?
John III died in the country that originated Fatost. What's the international airport in the city where he died?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the city where the performer of Up Popped the Devil was born?
In which county is the city to which WBUK is licensed for broadcasting located?
what is the jewish population in the city where the Burroughs: the Movie director lived when he died?
What military branch did the Prime minister when UK joined Europe serve in?
Who plays Michael Myers in The Devil Rejects' producer's Halloween?
Where are most skyscrapers located in the city where the director of Marathon Man was born?
What was the occupation of the creator of Dusk?
What is the GDP of the city where Spectre filming moved after the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
Where in Delhi is the location of the country that contains the location where Sooni Taraporevala was born?
What nickname did the Count of Mortain's policy earn him?
What early Huguenot Church was established in the country of Moll Flanders's author?
How many neighborhoods are in the capitol of the state where Michael Porter was educated?
What cigars are named for the capitol of Adriano Buergo's birth country?
When did the country Privilege's performer is a citizen of abolish the authority of the pope?
What county is Kevin Tapani's birthplace located?
Who was elected mayor of the capitol of the state where Michael Porter's business school is located?
When Anson led the Chicago cubs, what is the number of pennants won from the organization Dusty Boggess was employed by?
How many millions lived in the continent on which the region sharing a border with Champagne-Ardenne is located in the year 1000?
When was Eritrea annexed by the Horn of Africa country where Somali people live and has the Maskali Islands off its coast?
Where are most skyscrapers in the director of Darling's birthplace?
When is the dry season in the country where Nyangwe is located?
What political party did the person pictured on the two dollar bill belong to?
When was Bantu education introduced in the country where the birthplace of Daniël de Blieck is found?
In what year did the pope return from Avignon to the city Gioffre Borgia's father lived in when he died?
Where was the creator of the paintings named after the country where Alghanim Industries were formed born?
What is the most popular hotel in Abraham Shatimuene's birthplace?
What is the body of water by the city where the performer of Jyothi was born?
where is the water lily pond by the creator of La Promenade located?
What early Huguenot Church was established in the home country of the author of Memoirs of a Cavalier?
What is the name of the river that runs through the birth place of Breakin' It Up's performer?
Who was the model in the video by the performer of "Never Gonna be the Same"?
What organization hires the author of now i lay me down to sleep?
Which confederate general failed to capture the Union fort at the city where David Farragut was born?
When was way down by the performer of Live in the city where Albert Edmunds Cahlan died released?
What is the birthplace of the director of The Happy Road?
What is the country of citizenship for the child of the person who directed the film I love You to Death?
What is the average family income in the city which is the capital of the state which contains the alma mater of Georges Doriot?
What county shares a border with the county where Buckeye Flat is located?
Who was the winner of the 1989 edition of the event in which NBA rings are won?
When does the film Meet Me In city A take place where city A is the birthplace of the screenwriter of Gracie?
Who plays Michael Myers in Halloween by the first host of TCM Underground?
What is the capital of the city where Jahangir Khan was born?
What is the climate like in the city where Fantasy is headquartered?
When was the ferris wheel built in the city where the author of John van Olden Barnavelt died?
What is the pyramid building in Joseph Alioto's birthplace?
What genre that Tasis is from was Kanye credited for shifting away from?
What country holds the Embassy of Poland located in the place of death of Black Sunday's director?
The county that includes Buena Vista borders what what county?
What did Goring believe the operator of German submarine U-25 would gain with further support?
What is the highest point in the state where John A. Caddell was educated?
What river is the city where Karl-Heinz Metzner died located on?
What continent does the country where Motutanifa is located part of?
What cigars are named for the capital of the largest island of the Caribbean?
What is the population of Hot & Cool Latin's performer's birth state?
Where does the Snake River start in the country where Josh Heintzeman was born?
Where does the child of the director of The Mackintosh Man hold citizenship?
Who was the daughter of Eleanor of the country that had Manuel John Johnson's birthplace as a colony?
What is the capital of the country where Walnut Grove is located in the state that KUMM plays in?
In what year did the first Walmart open in the state where the administrative territorial entity for Malta Township is located?
How did the Japanese win the country of Our Times?
Which mountain range separates Kinnaur and Spiti from the region where Nawang Khechog was born?
When did the first settlers come to the state Euvin Naidoo attended business school?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Come Fly With Me?
What was the record label of the producer of Ecstasy?
How many Americans live in the country where AS Momekano is based?
When did the first large winter carnival take place in the city where the cast member of 1981 was born?
How much of the glaciation disappeared in the country the Rhine forms a border with along with Aschenbrödel's composer country of citizenship?
What were the largest terror attacks against the country with the most powerful economy by the group that Bush said the 'war on terror' begins with?
What instrument is played by the artist of (I) Get Lost?
What part of the administrative territorial entity that contains the school where David Josiah Brewer was educated is Rochester in?
What is the population ranking of the city that houses the courthouse named after the place of birth of James Glisson, in the country that logan returns to?
What is the economy of the capital of the state where Georges Doriot attended business school?
Which is the body of water by the city where the Figure Away author was born?
What is the capital of the county where Walnut Grove in the state where Gabriel Hauge was born?
In 2015, how many murders were there in Georges Doriot's business school's state capital?
In Bangladesh and the country with the capital Lhasa the Brahmaputra is known by what name?
When did WWII end in the country of citizenship of The Gamble's director?
What military branch was the author of Arabian Sands parts of?
The county with Sciots Camp borders which other county?
When did Hurricane Sandy hit the city where the performer of No More Tears was born?
The country having Bjelkarøy was named for what?
By what name is the brahmaputra known in Bangladesh and Tang's biggest rival?
When does the country where OC Muungano plays experience dry season?
Who was the first leader of the independent country where AS Kabasha is based?
Who is the spouse of the performer of the album Kati Simveni?
Of what region is the birth city of Daniele Mastrogiacomo capital of?
In what part of the city where Charles P. Snyder was born does Interstate 26 begin?
Who was to blame for the great fire in the city where the person who ejected the Benedictines again in 1559 was born?
How many people live in the area of the city where the person who ejected the Benedictines again in 1559 was born?
Who owns the studio which produced Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School?
What is the population of the city Ralph Vary Chamberlin died?
What is the county where MKC Networks is headquartered?
When did the country in which the performer of Privilege is a citizen become part of the UK?
What is the twin of the city where Kaysha was born?
Where was the creator of the paintings named for Saleh Al-Buraiki's birthplace born?
Who dropped out of the university where the owner of the gold spike in the city home to the World Series of Poker was educated and became the person many refer to as the founder of public relations?
Where was the performer of The Essence Part One born?
Who is the father of Mock Turtle's creator?
What is the record label for the performer of Upgrade U?
What performer released a live album recorded on the continent where the region that shares a border with Champagne-Ardenne is located?
When did Alanders rejoin the country where the Embassy of France is located in the city Christer Strömholm died?
What is the first Civic chartered company in the state where the roads and freeways of the city where Breakin' It Up's performer was born are located?
Which verse in Luke states that Mary had "no relations with man" before the birth of the person who wrote consider the lilies of the field?
What is the county for the city of birth for Cal Johnson?
What is the country of citizenship of the child of the producer of Mumford?
What was the former name of the birthplace of Lou Yun?
What conflict did the spouse of Maria Ley-Piscator fight in?
Which body of water is near the capital of the state that contains the school that Georges Doriot went to?
Which county shares a border with the county where Clinton is located?
Who is the sibling of Maria Leopoldina from the country in which, besides Germany and the country where Franzi Aufdenblatten was born, Lake Constance is located?
When does the majority of rain fall in the city where Spectre filming moved after the city where the author of Cum nimis absurdum died?
What cigars are named for the capitol of the country where Rogelio Marcelo was born?
Whose husband released the Sinatra Saga?
Where was the owner of Gold Spike in the city where Chip Reese died educated?
What county shares a border with Camanche North Shore?
Who is currently in charge of the city where Carlo Frigerio died?
How many people who started the great migration of the Slavs live in the colonial holding governed by Portugal in the continent where purple martins go in the winter?
What cigars are named for the island capital of the country that warheads were in?
When did the Battle at Thomas Oliver Bennett's place of death end?
How many square miles of land is the capital of the state that contains the school where Georges Doriot was educated?
Who was the first independent leader of country where AS Nika is based?
What is the most popular hotel in the birthplace of Herman Lintvelt?
What political party did the person belong to who was unable to attend the constitutional convention due to serving as american minister to france?
What region of the country is the state where Washington University can be found, in the city that hosted the 1904 Summer Olympics?
What county is Aimee Sun's birth place city located?
Jed Hansen's birthplace is in what county?
Where did the spouse of the composer of Violin Concerto die?
What are the biggest terrorist attacks by the group Bush said the war on terror begins with against the country where Sandy Eisenberg Sasso was born?
What is the capital of the region where Basit Ali was born?
When did Blue Man Group start in the place where the performer of Just the Facts and Pass the Bucket was born?
When did muslim armies invade the country where Al-Quriyah is located and the country for Kleicha?
What country is the child of Silverado's screenwriter from?
Who founded the chain of music-themed restaurants whose first establishment opened in the birthplace of the queen who agreed to turn the United Provinces into a protectorate of England?
Which organisation has legislative power in the city where Emanuel Ringelblum died?
When did the Blue Man Group start in the city where the performer of Too Much Sugar for a Dime was born?
Who was the spouse of the director of Who Killed Santa Claus?
When did Muslim armies invade the country containing Al-Ghassaniyah, along with the country of citizenship of the ruler who followed Al-Mu'tamid?
What is the country in the middle of the ocean, in which is found the atoll that Lafanga is a part of?
What metropolitan area is the death place of Woodbury Langdon a part of?
What is the bus system called in the city where Spectre was filmed after filming in the city that once headquartered the political party of Antonio Gramsci?
What is the most popular hotel in Floris Diergaardt's birthplace?
Country A seized the country containing Al-Berka from the empire that declined after the Crimean War. Country A has what status among European countries?
What year saw the conquest of the city where the director of The Inheritance died?
When did humans begin to live in the place where Jake Ehrlich died?
Who was elected president of the country Luberizi is located in 1992?
What is the population of the US city having the birth place of the performer of At the Five Spot?
What is the record label of the performer of Live: Take No Prisoners?
When did Muslim armies invade the country where Al-Mu'tamid's successor was a citizen and the country home to Al-Qanjarah?
The country containing Klever was named for what direction?
Who is the spouse of the performer of Strangers in the Night?
By what name is the brahmaputra known in both Bangladesh and the region where Nawang Khechog was born?
Who was the first Emperor of the city where Gioffre Borgia's father lived when he died?
When did the country the leader of the Luftwaffe aligned Germany with surrender in WWII?
What county contains the location of formation of Slipknot?
When did the city where Ralph Vary Chamberlin died become the capital of Utah?
What is the meaning of the location once known as Persis?
Who is the spouse of the producer of Absolutely Free?
In state where John Charles Van Dyke was born Rivière-Verte is close to which city?
Where is the place of death for the person who wrote the poem that the words from ode to joy came from?
Who was the commander of British forces in the capitol of the state where Georges Doriot was educated?
How many Americans live in the country where CS Imana is based?
Who became the founder of public relations after dropping out of the college that employed the architect of the Stillman House?
Who founded the chain of music-themed restaurants with its first establishment in the birthplace of the person who ejected the Benedictines in 1559?
By which century had the birth city of the director of The Tale of Sweeney Todd started becoming a prominent capital city?
What consortium of schools is the university that educated Peter Berek a part of?
Who was the Cuban legend born in 1925 in the same place as Tamara Larrea?
Who was married to the artist behind Look to Your Heart?
Who is currently in charge of the city where Desiderius was born?
When were the Olympic Games held in the city where Karel Halir died?
What is the capital of the county that borders another county, where Burr Hill is located?
What county shares a border with another county, which itself borders a third county, where the neighborhood of Newport is found?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where Lake Wilderness can be found?
What city hosted the Olympics in the country where 'Midnight FM' was released?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with the county where Carbondale is located in?
The Dale of Ten Thousand Smokes is located in the state purchased from Russia. Which military branch did the president who signed the treaty of purchase serve in?
How many people make up the executive branch senate where the man lending his name to Landau's function died?
Sabis Vallis is a type of geographical feature that is the same the one of Ten Thousand Smokes in the state purchased from Russia. Which branch of the military did the president who purchased it serve in?
The headquarters of Youngman is in what country?
What president imposed a 1983 motorcycle tariff, in the country where the capital city of New Jersey is found?
What county borders another county, that itself shares a border with a third county, where Mineral Township is found?
Where is the headquarters of the airline that owns the Roosevelt Hotel in the city where Emil Gorovets died?
When was he elected by the president introduced the Philadelphia plan providing the framework for affirmative action?
Where is the headquarters of the company that owns the Roosevelt Hotel, in the city where This is Where I Leave You was filmed?
Where does the electricity come from in the city that Andre Agassi is from?
When was the place where Henry Benbridge died established as a city?
What county borders another county, in which the city where Tory Rocca was born is found?
The county that includes Hickory Grove borders a second country. What other county is adjacent to that second county?
What is the capital of the county sharing border with the county having Post Oak, Virginia?
What region of the country is the state encompassing Luther Yard in?
Teesdale is the same type of geographical feature as the one of Ten Thousand Smokes in the state purchased from Russia. Which military branch did the president who signed that treaty serve in?
When did the French Huguenots arrive in the African country that has the most gold?
Vestfjorddalen is the same kind of geographical feature as the one of Ten Thousand Smokes in the state bought from Russia. Which military branch did the president who bought the state serve in?
What is the biggest volcano in the country where the first electric washing machine was invented?
What county shares a border with another county, that itself borders a third county, where Pioneer Township is located?
When did Robert Vandeputte's home country enter the war taking place during Albert 1's reign?
When was smoking banned in restaurants in the state Pickwick Lake is located?
Which nation was not part of the U.N. allied military force in the country where taekwondo is originally from?
What's the capital of the county where Shelly Mars was born?
Who is the police chief of the city where the Rams football team moved in 2016?
The Mystic Masseur film's director was born in a country with how many states?
What county holds the place of death of Saint Margaret, formerly of the country where Vat 69 is made?
When did Italy enter the war that involved Albert I, of the country where Antwerp is located?
When was the place where Roberts Vaux died established as a city?
When did Italy enter the war that Albert I from the same country as Klinik was involved in?
The Stura Vallis is the same type of geographical feature as the Ten Thousand Smokes in the state purchased from Russia. Which military branch did the president who signed that treaty serve in?
Where is the headquarters of the owner of Roosevelt Hotel in the place Mohammad Salman Hamdani died located?
Which nation was not park of the United Nations Allied Military Force in the country Gukhwappang is from?
What was an important art school where Enrique Ballesté died?
What is the capital of the county that contains the city where Adam Blackstone was born?
What county shares a border with another county, that in turn borders a third county, where the town of Sharon is located?
When did the state where Pickwick Lake is found officially vote to secede?
Who wants peace with the loser of the Miracle on ice match?
Where are the headquarters of the organization that owns the Roosevelt Hotel in the city where Otto Binder died?
Where is the headquarters of the company that owns the Roosevelt Hotel, in the city with the highest population in the U.S.?
Where are the headquarters of the airline that owns the Roosevelt Hotel, in the city where Sunbow Entertainment is headquartered?
How many states does the country where The Mystic Masseur's producer was born have?
Where are the headquarters of the company that owns the Roosevelt Hotel, in the city where Josh Griffiths lives?
Which king of the country where Clannaborough is located, abdicated?
Where is the headquarters of the company that owns the Roosevelt Hotel in the state where Deee-Lite started?
What is the capital of the county where Daniel Agnew was born?
In what year was independence achieved from France by the country where K-Liber is from?
What is the capital of the county that shares a border with Philemon Thomas' county of birth?
When do purple martins migrate to the continent where the yellow bell plant comes from?
What is the capital of the county having the capital state of New Jersey?
Which year did Italy join during the war Albert I of the country Peter Novak was from was a leader?
Who became known as The Liberator, in the continent that the equator runs through the northern part of?
Who owns the South Point Casino, in the city where Andre Agassi is from?
How many states are there in the country where the birthplace of Sooni Taraporevala is found?
Arnus Vallis is a type of geographical features that is the same as the one of Ten Thousand Smokes in the state purchased from Russia. Which military branch did the president who purchased the state serve in?
What is the original name of the first mentioned African country?
What river gives its name to the county, that borders another county, where Center Township is located?
What century was the origin of the mosaics uncovered in 1913, in the country that, along with Egypt, was a Greek colony?
What's the largest cathedral in the city where Joanna Russ was born?
What did the organization that formulates multiple regional divisions as is convenient for its various operations dub "The Trusteeship of the Powerful?"
When was the SNES released in the country with the first invented electric washing machine?
The county bordering the county where Jackson Township is found is named after what?
Who makes up the majority of population in the host country of the exhibit?
